
The Major: My friends, it had often been said, that I like war. My friends, I like war…No, friends, I love war!

I love holocausts. I love Blitzkriegs. I love defensive lines. I love sieges, charges. I love mop-up operations and retreats!

Wars across prairies, in streets, in trenches, in glass lands, in frozen tundras, through deserts, on the sea, in the air… I love every act of war that can occur upon this earth!

I love blasting the enemy to smithereens with artillery salvoes to thunder across the lines of battle.

My heart leaps with joy whenever a soldier has tossed high into the air, and cut to pieces by well-placed sniper arms.

And there is nothing like a tank operator using a Tiger Acht-Acht to destroy enemy tanks.

Und the feeling that comes when a soldier runs screaming from his blazing tank only to be mowed down by heavy machinegun fire is such an exquisite feeling.

Like when ranks of infantry blandish their bayonets rushing into the enemy line.

It moves me deep within my heart to watch a fresh recruit stabbing over and over into the bloated chest of a long dead enemy.

The sight of deserters being strung up from a street lamp is an irresistible pleasure!

And there’s nothing more than arousing than the sounds made by prisoners of war dropping like files screaming in agony, as they’re mowed down by ear-piercing Schmeissers!

When a band of pitiful resistance fighters make their final stand with nothing but small arms, only to have their city smashed to atoms, block by block, by 4.8 ton bomb shells, I’m in ecstasy.

I love it when my forces are ravaged by a Russian armor division.

It’s so sad to see towns and villages that were supposed to be defended at all cost, been laid to waste, their women and children being raped and killed.

I love to be squashed under the heels of the British and American war machines.

The humiliation is my men crawl around like vermin, ducking the Jagdbombers flying overhead.

Gentlemen, all I ask for is war. War so grand as to make Hell itself tremble…

Gentlemen, I ask you as fellow brothers in arms what is that you really want?

Do you wish for further war as I do?

Do you wish for a merciless bloody war?

A war whose fury is built with iron and lightning and fire?

Do you ask for war to sweep in like a tempest, leaving not even ravens to scavenge from this earth!?

Battalion soldiers: Kreig! Kreig! Kreig! Kreig! Kreig! Kreig! Kreig! Kreig!

The Major: Very well, then Kreig is what you shall have.

There are the clenched fists, ready to strike down all who oppose us, with our might.

But, after enduring over half a century, wallowing in the darkness for us, a simple ordinary war will no longer be sufficient.

We need a massive war! A war beyond any other that man’s history has ever known!

We are but a single battalion…the remnants of a defeated army numbering less than a thousand strong.

However, I believe that each of you old warriors is equal to a thousand of their sickly soft children.

We represent a force that could easily defeat an army of a million and one man!

It is time for them to awake the ones who sent us screaming into oblivion and who now lie sleeping.

Let’s drag them out of the bed by the hair, and remind them that what we are!

We will remind them of what it is feel like to live in fear.

We will remind them of the sound of our jackboots make against their throats.

We will remind them that there are more things between heaven and hell than are dreamt of in their philosophy.

Battalion soldiers: Es Europa! Es ist Licht von Europa!

The Major: Our camp group of one thousand vampires is going to burn this world down to ash.

Yes, my friends…soon Europe's charred remains will illuminate the night sky.

I have brought you all back just as I promised I would. Back to our favorite battle field...Back to our beloved War!

Battalion soldiers: Major! Strumbannfuhrer! Der stellvertretende Kommandant! Major! Strumbannfuhrer! Der stellvertretende Kommandant! Major! Strumbannfuhrer!

The Major: At last, the sea lion has crossed the ocean and he is heading up the hill!

Attention, all soldiers of the Millennium Battalion! This is a massage from your commander!

Friends…Let’s bring them hell…
  