
Richard: Where are you? Where are you? My lovely little niece…my pretty niece. My buddy little fräulein. Miss Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing. The grand successor to the Hellsing Organization. And my poor little lost Integra. I wish I could help you understand. Twenty years. Twenty years of waiting for my brother - your father - to die, and then only hours before his death he chooses you to succeed him as head of the family. This insult against me I cannot accept... I will never accept! What an unforgivable act of betrayal. Hellsing is mine!


Authur: Integra... if the time should ever come, when all other hope is lost...
if you should find yourself surrounded with your enemies closing in, go to the last cell of the deepest dungeon of the estate. There lies one of the Hellsing family's darkest legacies. It will be the instrument of your salvation.


Integra: No... How can this corpse... be my salvation?

Richard: Heh heh heh... There you are, my fräulein.

Integra: Eeek! Aah! Uncle...

Richard: Something on your mind, my little fräulein?

Integra: Are you really so desperate to claim the family title that you'd actually be willing to...

Richard: What an astute observation, Integra.

Bodyguard: Th-The corpse...!

Alucard: Gwarrrrr!



HELLSING I



Cop: Bastards!


Officer: What? Are you really serious? I'm sorry, but could you perhaps repeat yourself one more time? Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, is it?

Sir Integra: Very well. I'll start again. They're ghouls, and the village of Cheddar has become a den of ghouls. A ghoul is what happens to deflowered humans when they're bitten by a vampire. They're much like zombies under the control of a vampire. And that means there's a vampire somewhere in Cheddar.

Officer: Hmph, that's ridiculous. Vampires? Do you really expect me to believe this occult nonsense?

Sir Integra: Why on earth would a cheap bureaucrat like yourself know anything on the matter? How dare you even question my credentials?
The Hellsing Organization has been defending the British Empire from such monsters for generations! I will illuminate. The Hellsing Organization is a special operations agency charged by Her Majesty with the duty of finding and eradicating all supernatural and satanic threats to the Church and Crown. There's a vampire in Cheddar that's controlling the ghouls - a monster from the pits of hell. Send in all the troops you wish, send every last man under your command, they'll end up little more meat. Or they may suffer a worse fate. When a vampire drinks from a virgin of the opposite sex, a new vampire is created. Otherwise, your people become food, and then join the vampire's unholy legion of ghouls.

Correspondent: Sir, I've completely lost radio contact with Squads 2 and 3.

Officer: Bollocks. What's going on? Report. Come in!

Sir Integra: If you are to stop the ghouls from further multiplying, you're going to have to terminate that vampire at the source. And this is where Hellsing comes in. We will take care of your vampire.

Officer: That's... insane.

Sir Integra: I can assure you, gentlemen, that one of our finest anti-vampire field agents is already en route to Cheddar. This will be settled in a matter of hours.

Officer: What sort of agent would handle this?

Sir Integra: When dealing with monsters - vampires especially - I promise there is no greater expert walking this earth.

Alucard: How beautiful... Nights like this make me want to have a bite to drink. Yes... I couldn't imagine more, perfect evening.


Vampire: There’s no use running! Hahahahahahaha! Guns won’t help you either.

Seras: Agh…Eddy? Simon?

Vampire: That’s right! Your little boy friends belong to me now. But soon you’ll belong to me too…

[Gunfire]

Vampire: Hahahahaha…Out of your loyalty, my servant. I wouldn’t want a vampire with free will running around! Pity I can’t find a virgin as lovely as you…I’m going to violate you, I’m going to drain your blood, slowly. Then, you will join with the rest of my ghouls. My slave for eternity…

Seras: [Screaming]

Vampire: Who the hell are you!?

Alucard: Your death.

Vampire: My death? Oh, really? My god, this is pathetic. Kill him.

[Gunfire]

Vampire: Is that the best you’ve got? Hahahahahahaha!

Alucard: huh…hahahahahaha…

Officer: Your agent’s a vampire!?

Sir Integra: Correct. You see, humans make poor vampire killers. They are frail, they are mortal, they are corruptible, body, mind, and soul. The most effective weapon against the vampire is another more powerful vampire. The Hellsing organization has such a creature in its ménage. And let me assure you gentleman, our vampire has power beyond imagination.

[Gunfire]

Vampire: No! How could he be killing them!? It’s those bullets!

Alucard: The silver cross in Manchester Cathedral was melted down to make these thirteen millimeter exploding shells. Nothing I shoot ever gets back up again…

Vampire: But why!? Tell me! Why fight to save these pathetic humans!?

[Vampire capture Seras]

Vampire: Don’t take another step. The girl's the last survivor. Don’t you want to save her? Be reasonable. I’m not asking for much. Just a bit of help. You can look the other way.

Alucard: Are you a virgin, my dear?

Seras: Ah!?

Vampire: What are you doing!?

Alucard: I’m asking if you’re a virgin!

Seras: Vir…I…

Vampire: You bastard!

Alucard: Answer me!

Seras: Ye..Yes! I am!

[Gunshoot]

Vampire: Aaaaaagh! You…you…



Integra: What’s your name?

Alucard: My master, your father called me…Alucard.



Alucard: I had to shoot through you to pierce his heart. I’m sorry but you’re dying. And there’s no time left. The choice is yours. What do you want to do? Police girl…Tonight is truly…A beautiful night.



Seras: Oh…Where…Where am I?

Ghouls: Ah! It’s a cop!

Ghouls: A cop!? Ah! A police girl!

Seras: Aaaaah!

[Chasing]

Seras: ...Ah?

Alucard: Police girl, what’s it feel like to be dead?

Seras: Huh?

Alucard: Still, the choice is all yours…

Seras: Huh!?

Alucard: To walk the path of draculena.

Seras: Oh god…

Alucard: Haagh!

Seras: Aaaaaah!

[Awakening]

Seras: Where am I?...Aaaaaah!

Alucard: Police girl, how does it feel now that you’re a vampire?

Seras: Wooooooaaaaaah!

Sir Integra: You’re too loud! Police girl. I don’t care if you are a vampire. You're still English. Have some manners.

Seras: So, a vampire…Sorry but where am I?

Sir Integra: This is our headquarters. We’re called the Hellsing organization. We are the monsters that protect England from the other monsters.

Seras: So you’re telling me…you’re saying that I’m…

Sir Integra: Given your condition, you’ll be working for us from now on. We’ve received a word of a string of vampire attacks. Go and kill the vampire, police girl.


Sir Integra: The victim’s heads had been ripped off? Massages are left on a wall written in blood. This is an offence against God and Christendom. They mock our church, our country, and Hellsing itself! The target is moving north on Route 17 butchering whole households along the way! Do not leave a single freak standing!

Hugger: So both of us will have eternal life!

Jessica: Invincible vampires forever…

[Call bell]

[Alucard’s gunfire]

Hugger: Aaagh!

[Hugger’s gunfire]

Hugger: Hahahahahahaha!

Alucard: You don’t know how to change your body into mist or bat. You can’t heal any of your gunshot wounds. And now that you’re out of bullets, you can’t even defend yourself. You dare to call yourself Nosferatu. You disgust me!

[Alucard kills Hugger]

Alucard: Your turn, police girl.

Seras: Yes, sir.

Alucard: What are you waiting for? Do it!

Seras: Sir, she is already, five…no, six hundred meters away.

Alucard: Imagine the third eye. On the forehead, aim from there. If you shoot like a human, then you’re going to miss like a human.

Seras: But sir…

Alucard: Aim right for her heart. Don’t worry. You’ll put the bullet right through her.

Seras: Bat it’s so dark, and I don’t have a scope.

Alucard: That’s a human complaint. Now, it’s time to make the shot like a proper vampire!

[Seras kills Jessica]

Seras: It’s such a big gun, yet I hardly felt any recoil at all…It’s pitch-black, yet I can see more clearly than in daylight.

Alucard: Good shooting, police girl…

Seras: And now, I’m hearing voices, like some sort of telepathy. It’s whole too fast, what on earth I’m becoming?...I’m…

Alucard: Not yet…this is only the beginning. And there’s a long road ahead of you.

Sir Integra: Too many…Far too many…Suddenly we have far too many vampires causing trouble. Third and fourth rate vampires killing randomly, keeping us busy…Pointless…Cheap…Pathetic acts of barbarism. It is as if someone would (be) churning out vampires for a factory line.

[Orphanage]

Andersen: Now both of you stop that! There’s no fighting between friends! How do you expect to go to heaven acting like that?

Child: Sorry father…

Andersen: Listen. Violence is never the right answer. Except, when used against heathens and monsters. Hm…Alright, I want both of you to run straight up to your rooms.

Children: Yes father. Come on! Wait!

Andersen: To what do I owe this visit? What happened?

Priest: I’m afraid we’ve been hearing a lot of bad news lately. They are coming from England.

Andersen: Yeah, they’re working hard to keep everything quiet.

Priest: Yeah…Vampires. There've recently been multiple vampire attacks within their borders. Far too many to be pure coincidence.

Andersen: Well, nothing wrong with that, is that? If a vampire wants to use some Protestants, how is our business?

Priest: But there is more…Hellsing. They are a problem. They’ve been holding a stronger front than we expected. Keeping damage to a minimum.

Andersen: They’re nothing but amateurs. Hellsing is practically a kindergarten compare to us. The Catholics…The Vatican…And the Iscariot. We were fighting against the forces of darkness centuries before the Hellsing organization even existed. So, why are you here? If all the troubles are over in England, then surely the English can take care of on their own.

Priest: But it’s not only in England.

Andersen: What?

Priest: There has been an attack in Ireland. Northern Ireland. A little town called Badrick. Hellsing is on the move. And we will not just sit back and watch.

Andersen: The Nevadan. Sneaking around with no wanted like they've along there. These fools are shameless and presumptuous as ever!

Priest: We will teach them to know their place, Andersen. They tread on Catholic land. This vampire is ours to destroy. We want you to deal with this before they do.

Andersen: And if I should run into the agent of Hellsing?

Priest: Just remember. We are part of God’s divine instrument on earth. We do not retreat when we are challenged by heretics.

Andersen: If anyone does not love Lord Jesus Christ, let him be accursed that he is coming. God save you from your fate, Amen.

[Badrick]

Seras: They are not real people, they might as well be…somebody’s pumpkins…they are just dolls…take aim…just one shot, and it’s all over!

[Gunfire]

Alucard: Police girl, when you aim, make sure to put a hole through the hart or the head. Just remember, these people did not become undead ghouls by choice. There’s no way to cure them once they have been changed. It’s for their own sake to put these people rest as quick as possible.

Seras: Sir…Yes sir, my master.

Alucard: Now, you’re starting to understand what it is to be a vampire.

[Stabbed]

Seras: Agh…

Alucard: Blessed blades…Barrier!?

Andersen: We are the servants of God, and the messengers of His Justice. We are the instruments of His divine wrath on earth! We are called upon, Plensis Kingdom! Bringing ash from the flesh of thine enemies. Praise to our lord!

[Hellsing headquarters]


Secretary: Sir, a report from our Vatican intelligence officer. It reads, “Our fear's confirmed. The Vatican special operations Iscariot organization is on the move”.

Sir Integra: Iscariot...the Vatican special operations unit. The most powerful agents the Vatican commands. The professional exorcists, assassins trained to deal with heathens and heretics. They’re working on the Section XIII, a black operations unit. How larger force did they send?

Secretary: Just one agent was deployed. The paladin, father Alexander Andersen.

Sir Integra: Did you say Alexander Andersen!? God on earth, what would happen if he would run into Alucard and the girl…I’ll leave for Badrick immediately! Fetch may gun, my sword and prepare two bodyguards!

Secretary: Yes, sir.

Sir Integra: Walter, I want you to keep working on the Vatican.

Walter: Of course sir. Paladin Andersen, Executioner Andersen, Bayonet Andersen, Off its header Andresen, Dust to Dust Andersen, place of birth unknown, age unknown. Even his origins remain unknown. The only fact we can nail down, is that he is an excellent monster hunter. In much the way Alucard is our best line of supernatural defense, Andersen can reasonably be described as the finest agent Vatican Section XIII has to offer.

Sir Integra: The Paladin Monster Slayer, the Purifier…God, I hope they haven’t start killing each other yet!

[Badrick]

Andersen: Beautiful moon tonight, don’t you think?

Seras: Agh…

Andersen: Your voice sounds so very lovely when you’re whimpering in agony, young lady. Don’t worry though, you're not dying yet. I haven’t pierced your heart. It’s been a while since I had a good hunt. I plan on enjoying this.

Alucard: Vatican Special Division XIII, the Iscariot organization.

Seras: Ah…!

Andersen: Right you are, you pathetic Hellsing dogs. And you must be Alucard…the house-broken vampire, the monster who hunts his own kind. The famous Hellsing family pet…

Alucard: What have you done with a vampire we were hunting?

Andersen: He is dead. Not much fun really. I didn’t even have time to enjoy it.

[Alucard and Andersen face off]

Andersen: It seems you two are the only ones left…

Alucard: Really?

[Andersen stabbs Alucard]

Seras: Ah!

[Gunfire]

Andersen: Agh!

Alucard: You attacked the vampire head on in the middle of the night. You didn’t even try to catch me by surprise. You are a brave man, father. But you’re also a fool.

Seras: Master…

Alucard: Don’t talk. You’ve been stabbed by the blessed blades. Now, just…

Andersen: Haaaaaaa!

[Andersen stabs Alucard]

Alucard: What!?

Andersen: Hahahahaha!

[Andersen crucifies Alucard]

Andersen: Amen!

Alucard: Regenerator…

Andersen: Correct! A living weapon engineered by the human race to defeat viral monsters like you!

[Andersen cut off Alucard’s head]

Andersen: Amen!

Seras: Masteeeer!

Andersen: Hahahahaha! Hahahahaha!

[Helicopter]

Sir Integra: Hurry, knowing Iscariot…No! knowing Alucard, it's probably already started!

[Badrick]

Andersen: That's it!? This thing was Hellsing's ultimate weapon!? The great domesticated vampire! What a disappointment! He’s a joke! Whitey protestant screw everything up...Well, after all that she is still able to crawl away. It seems I’ve underestimated my little draculena.

Seras: Master…Please, you can’t do this. Dragging me in this world…fall in to leave me…I can’t do this alone…

Andersen: Where do you think you’re going? There’s no place to run! Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust! We are nothing more than dust! And to the dust we shall return. Amen.

Seras: I have to escape…I have to escape…I have to assess one…into Sir Integra...

[Spiritual barrier activated]

Seras: What is this!?

Andersen: That is a spiritual barrier, little girl. It’s impossible for vampiric creatures such as yourself to break through. Now settle down, and just slaughtered you god damn monster.

Seras: He is going to kill me…I’ll die…I’ll die…Oh, god! I’ll die!

Alucard: This is no time to use your head police girl…

Seras: Master…?

Alucard: Drink my blood police girl. Drink! And you shall never again be treated like a slave. Drink…and you shall truly become one of us. You will drink blood with all of your own choosing. One bring the night, powerful, and singular, become eternal and complete! Drink my blood police girl…No, Seras Victoria!

Andersen: It’s over…

[Gunfire]

Sir Integra: That girl belongs to me. What’s your business here? Paladin of Iscariot, father Alexander Andersen?

Anderesen: Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing…to what do I owe the honor to such a person’s appearance.

Sir Integra: Enough! Father Andersen! This is a violation of our agreement! The situation here is under our control. Withdraw immediately. Neither the Iscariot nor the Hellsing organization can afford this sort of battle. I don’t care who you think you are. This act of aggression ends now!

Andersen: Withdraw? Is that an order? You expect me the Iscariot organization, God's own chosen instruments of judgment to just withdraw on your order? Did you really expect me to run away screaming in fear from a filthy protestant whore!?

[Andersen slaughters the Integra’s bodyguards]

Sir Integra: An artificially…bioengineered with generator agent. And they upgraded your healing…You’re a thing!

Andersen: Perhaps…But you're nothing but weak. You’re worthless. And as for that, pathetic pet vampire you loved to parade around with…You just missed his decapitation.

Sir Integra: You cut his head off? Is that all?

Andersen: What!?

Seras: Get your hands off Sir Integra!

Andersen: Hahahahahahaha!

Sir Integra: It’s not looking good for you…father Andersen. If I were you, I’d leave while I were still able.

Andersen: Have you gone insane? I’m about to paint the wall with it to you.

Sir Integra: Than you better make it quick. That vampire you decapitated will be coming back to life any second now.

Andersen: He’ll what!?

Alucard: Why didn’t you just drink the blood, you idiot?

Sir Integra: Cut off his head? Pierced his heart? He has nothing like any vampire you’ve ever known. Your tricks won’t kill him. You may be the fruit of the finest anti-vampire technology. But the hundred years of the Hellsing family's account knowledge produced this achievement. Our crown glory, the vampire Alucard!

Alucard: Hahahahahahaha!

Seras: Master!

Sir Integra: I think you're beginning to understand. What will you do now? Andersen?

Anderesen: I’ll leave. I need further preparation to kill this one. We’ll meet again, Hellsing! Next time…I’ll butcher you all!

[Andersen leaves]

Seras: It’s over…

Sir Integra: Are you all right, Alucard?

Alucard: Yes. It’s been a while since I had my head cut off. And now we finally met father Andersen from Iscariot.

Sir Integra: He has violated our agreements--attacked without provocation, and killed my men. The Vatican will pay dearly for this. However, they are not our priority. There’s a shadow organization somewhere out there that is responsible for this increase in vampire attacks.

Alucard: Then, what are my orders, master? Shall I destroy them? Wipe them from the earth? Grind them to dust? Just give the word, my master. Sir Integra Hellsing.

Sir Integra: When the time has come, I will.

Alucard: Really? I can’t wait. It’ll be a pleasure. A truly great pleasure…You!

Seras: A…ah…

Alucard: Why didn’t you drink the blood? Why not drink?

Seras: I’m not sure…but, it felt like…it felt like if I drank the blood, it would mean the end of something important inside of me.

Alucard: You are an idiot! But, perhaps you have a point…perhaps it’s time for a vampire who does not walk alone through the night.

Sir Integra: Why on earth did you turn her into a vampire?

Alucard: Why indeed? For fun? For sport? Maybe it was just a whim. Maybe…But that doesn’t sound like me. Perhaps after years spent with humans, you finally rubbed off on me. I might be developing a sense of whimsy. Let’s go police girl. Don’t doddle!

Seras: Yes sir! My master. But you see, sir…my name not police girl. It’s Seras Victoria, sir.

Alucard: Enough. You coward! You are a police girl. Police girl will do.

Seras: Oh! You’re mean!...Master!

Sir Integra: That’s quite a thing for you to say. Just what I’d expect from a king of the vampires...or a Count?

The Major: Damen und Herren. We'll move forward bizarre plans for the impending war. Und for the war beyond that, und the war beyond that. Und the next, und the next.
  