
Maxwell : This orphanage is my home now... Father, why have I been brought to this place? Why did my parents abandoned me to the church? Is it because I'm a bastard? I don't need them anyhow. I don't need parents. I don't even need friends. I will become great! And once I've done so, I will have my revenge on all who have wronged me.

Priest : Your Excellency, your Excellency! It's time to wake up, Bishop. Please, Bishop Maxwell.
I'm happy to report that Anderson in the Paladins who went on the head with him have captured Integra Hellsing. He engage the Last Battalion during the course of the task.

Maxwell : Well, of course yes. This after I asked him not to engage. ...Ah, just look how it burns. Il Purgatorio!

Priest: London has been humbled, your Excellency. Not since the British that Capital known such fear. The number of dead beyond estimation. And that's utterly any increases so that ranks of undead.

Maxwell: God has banished them. How they plan to that else in this Babylon on the Thames. It sells them right.

Priest: Indeed it does.

Maxwell: And America?

Priest: Chaos, your Excellency. The White House is burning even now. It seems a presidential aide turned into a vampire, dating a cabinet meeting no less, fourteen people was slaughtered, including the President himself.

Maxwell: Sounds about right?

Priest: Our American bishops await orders.

Maxwell: The strike only if the vampirism spreads. Otherwise, We will not get involved. Let the world's policeman tend to their own house for a change, and while they're distracted.

Priest2: Yes, Sir. I thought the American would react to what's going on here. This is unusual.

Maxwell: It's no matter, so long as they stay out of our way. Britain, Hellsing and Alucard, they're my only concerns. The Vatican is content to lead to Major be, since still they were bedfellows during the last war. I'm not so forgiving. He and his ilk will know the Crusaders wrath. On this night, we reclaim Britain from monsters and pagans for the Glory of Almighty God! I kill the faithless and Demonic. Just as you have taught me, Father.

CO1: From the Order of the Sword of Cortland, I pledge onto thee 340 souls!

CO2: From the Order of the Calatrava La Nueva, I pledge a 180 souls onto thee!

CO3: The Order of Santos Stefano de Toscana, pledges 257 souls onto thee!

CO4: And from the Order of Malta, 2457 souls!

Maxwell: Hehehehehe...

CO4: The Holy Father has ordered us here. He has promoted you in absentia to the rank of Archbishop, as befits a task. Congratulations, your grace. We the faithful here assembled form tonight so the ninth Crusade. We are yours to command, Archbishop Maxwell. Employ us such as you will.

Maxwell: Amen. I accept this with all of my being. Your target is London, destroy it! That this new era of Catholic might, the Reconquista, now begin!

Crusaders&Priests: Amen! Amen! Amen! Amen! Amen! Amen! ...

Maxwell: Hahahahahaha... How do you think that bastard, revealed and spat upon by the polite society would be made an Archbishop, and given an army.

Young priest: Direttore!

Maxwell: Well, What is it?

Young priest: Here, look! It's that carrier, the British one.

Maxwell: This coordinates... It's moving again? It's absurd! What does the damages took? It's impossible!

Young priest: Direttore! Its speed is just a few knots, but the ship's definitely heading..., to London!

Priest1: Alucard is ...
Priest2: ...coming.
Priests: Ah...

Maxwell: Let him come. Hellsing, Millennium, and Alucard are like will perish under our feet. The Lord will use us as a cut out and lays his force with dust. Now, go! Our times as the toll of holy wrath, is begin!

Young priest: Look at them! Everyone charging to Hell with joy as heart. What's man among them can enter such c__ and hope to return alive. They're going to die, all of them, and now thank GOD, for the battle.

Hellsing VI
