
Walter: Sir Integra, in light of your orders to bolster our current Hellsing membership, I've taken the liberty of hiring professional mercenaries.
Sir Integra: Mercenaries? Men motivated by a lust for money. Can we trust such soldiers?
Walter: Normally I would whine. But these men are proper professional. As long as they have contract and get their money on time, the Wild Geese will never break their word.
Heath: Tell those assholes they're supposed to bomb the other guy!
Kane: Inbred motherfuckers don't give a shit! They got a dozen of sisters at home to knock up!
Jason: That's not bad. That works to like two a day if you don't count Sundays.
Pip: Shut up, shape up and put your head back in the game! They drop the bombs on us because we don't matter! We mean nothing! They blow us up and buy new ones. I think we can all agree there's no shortage of idiots willing to shoot guns for money!
Emma: Captain! We just got word that the palace has surrendered!
Pip: That's just pathetic! Couldn't they at least try and put up a fight!?
Dean: I guess the civil war is over and we are out of a job!
Pip: Hum…I've been working on something.
Lucretia: Ah! Please tell me it's not another sand trap!
Enemy Solder: Aargh!
Pip: There will be no sand where we are going. The next job…It's in the city of fog.

Hellsing III

Emma: Captain Bernadotte. What the hell is this?
Pip: Hun?
Heath: So…What? Are we going to be fighting in London?
Kane: Since when do we work security jobs?
Jason: I didn't signed up with shadow for some rich assholes.
Pip: My god you people. I really can't think of any other way to put this. So, here it is. They are going to be paying us to kill monsters.
Emma: They gonna be paying us to do what!?
Kane: Monsters…he got to be kidding me…
Sir Integra: It's true. The enemies are immortal creatures who sustain themselves by drinking human blood. Your job gentleman is to fight these monsters with bullets, garlic and holy water. Put a stake through its heart, cut off his head, burn the corpse, scatter the ashes at the crossroads. For further instructions consult Bram Storker.
Jason: That's just ridiculous!
Heath: Everybody knows there's no such thing as vampire.
Sir Integra: Then everyone is quite mistaken. Or more accurately, we've helped to maintain the state of blissful ignorance. For over a century the Hellsing organization has serve the British Empire. Fighting a secret war against the forces of darkness. The vampire in particular. For those of you who still need convincing, I present to you…A genuine vampire!
Pip: Ah!? Oh no. Just hold on. You…you are really a vampire?
Seras: Yes, I am…Hellow…Um?
The Wild Geese: Hahahahahahaha…
Seras: I get the feeling... they're laughing at me sir…
Sir Integra: Then show them something to make them stop, police girl.
Seras: Right, of course sir! Come on.
Pip: Hahahahahahaha! If this is supposed to be a vampire, then I'm Frankenstein's Monster! Aargh!
Emma: Captain!
Pip: She is some kind of monster! I just…She kept poking me with the…It happened so fast! And my head was just…I don't believe it. You're really telling me that that girl is a vampire?
Alucard: Damn Right she is. The police girl maybe the lowest of the low, but a vampire is still a vampire.
The Wild Geese: [Surprising]
Alucard: What a pathetic bunch of snivelling cowards. Do you really think they will be any use to us?
Walter: My deepest apology ma'am! I did try to stop him…
Alucard: These men are going to be guarding me while I sleep. I wanted to take their measure.
Walter: Now that introductions are over. A most unusual letter arrived in the post today.
Sir Integra: What sort of letter? From Vatican Special Operations Division XIII, the Iscariot organization…Enrico Maxwell.
[At British Museum]
Sir Integra: What time is it? Walter?
Walter: It just passed three, ma'am.
Integra: They arranged this meeting and still manage to be late. Do you think it is a trap?
Walter: I doubt Iscariot would be bold enough to stage a daylight attack, especially an attacking public right in the heart of the enemy territory.
Sir Integra: [sigh]
Maxwell: Pictures do not do the collection justice. It must be seen in person. And look it how well they maintain everything.
Priest: Truly expect no less.
Maxwell: Oh…I think we are bit late.
Priest: It would appear so sir.
Maxwell: Oh dear! I'm so sorry to keep you waiting…
Sir Integra: That's close enough! What business does the Vatican have here? And why send the Iscariot the dirtiest of the dirty little secrets?
Maxwell: How unfortunate. It appears our reputation has preceded us. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Enrico Maxwell. I'm the head of the Iscariot organization. It is an honor to meet you.
Sir Integra: I really don't care who you are. Just tell me what you want.
Maxwell: There is no need to take such a harsh torn. We didn't come all the way to England just to pick a fight with you Sir Integra…
Sir Integra: I don't believe you! You've done nothing but show contempt to our treaties! This latest incident with Andersen in Northern Ireland was inexcusable! He killed two of my best men in Badrick! I've barely managed to escape with my head still attached! And you have the goal…
Maxwell: Would you shut up!
Sir Integra: How dare you…
Maxwell: You really expect us to just let you do as please? Two men? If we had slaughter two million of your protestant scum I would've not a shed of tear. I'm here under direct orders from His Holiness. Otherwise, I would not bother with you filthy creatures! So just shut up! And pay attention! You miserable English sow!
Alucard: A sow? Nothing like Iscariot when inspire the fear of god…Such fearsome insults. Two thousand years of your inane plateau. Truly, some things never do seem to change.
Maxwell: The great vampire Alucard, the Hellsing family's pet creature…I don't believe I've ever seen you in person before. It's a great pleasure to make your acquaintance.
Alucard: It's pleasure to meet you as well. And now, I must say goodbye. You call my master a sow and expect me to let you live? I'm afraid that I'm just going to have to put a bullet in you. You foolish little man.
Maxwell: Oh, how absolutely terrifying. How can a man be expected to deal with people put a gun in his face? I think you'll agree that turn of out this fair play…So why don't we make this fight interesting? Anderseeeeeen!
Andersen: Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and for thy possession, the ends of the earth. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron. Thou shalt dash them in pieces, like a potter's vessel. Be wise now therefore ye kings. Be admonished ye judges of the earth. Serve the lord with fear, and rejoice with trembling. Kiss the son lest he be angry, and ye perish in the way…
Maxwell: No, Andersen! Stop!
Andersen: Though his wrath be kindled but a little. This can be over with one swing of my sword. Iscariot dose not shirk when the enemy presents itself!
Alucard: Hahahahahahaha! Neither of us could ever back down in front of an enemy. Come on then Judas Priest!
Andersen: Hahahahahahaha! You won't be so lucky this time vampire!
Maxwell: Stop! I'm ordering you to stop!
Seras: Hi! Right this way everybody! Everyone with the Japanese tour! Right this way please! Kottidesuyo! Right this way…We're walking…Kottidesuyo…
Alucard: This isn't a time or place for a fight.
Andersen: Yes, you may have a point.
Alucard: I'm going back to sleep. Putting up with a middle of the day is exhausting.
Andersen: If you'll excuse me sir, I'm going back to Rome.
Maxwell: Uh?
Andersen: I must say this is an excellent museum. Perhaps, next time you allow me to bring some of the children from the orphanage.
Maxwell: Of Course…that won't be a problem.
Andersen: Next time, I swear I will rip him to bloody pieces.
Maxwell: [sigh]
Sir Integra: [giggling] It's seems we both have to contend with rather difficult subordinates. Well…Are you done? Pig?
Maxwell: Oh yes. I am quite done…Now that the violence is out of the way…Perhaps you would care to join me in the café garden.
Sir Integra: Well, after you then.
Walter & Priest: [sigh]
Seras: [giggling]
Walter: Well done!
Seras: Thank you!
Maxwell: We are aware that you‘ve looking to a particular word in connection to your recent troubles. And we also know that you haven't uncovered anything of value.
Sir Integra: Yes, that's more or less true…
Maxwell: Millennium…Correct?
Sir Integra: …
Maxwell: I know this is a special operation's business, but we do have some information regarding the name…Millennium. Do you want our files? Do you really wish to know what we know? Come on…Yes or No.
Sir Integra: …Yes, please.
Maxwell: [giggling] I give you Millennium.
Sir Integra: …!
Maxwell: It's started over half a century ago. During the Second World War, Nazi party loyalists were preparing to flee from Germany. And extraction operation began, just as allied forces took the country. Understandably, they needed enough time to evacuate while still standing a ground long enough not to be considered traitors. The majority of these party members and soldiers, ended up in South America where they found refuge with number of Nazi sympathizers.
Sir Integra: Those survivors were the Millennium group?
Maxwell: Yes. Millennium also refers to the classified operation to move these individuals and suppliers to South America. And the military unit that carried out the orders. Oh! You just figured out how we know all these. Yes! We helped the Nazis do it! The Vatican gave them a full support and helped create the millennium group!
Doc: I think perhaps they are started to put it together. They know about Millennium…
The Major: Put it together you say? Nonsense, they don't know anything about anything.
Doc: Is it my imagination or are you enjoying this?
The Major:Enjoying is hardly the word for this feeling, Doctor. I'm ecstatic! Positively giddy with anticipation. Just think of what a terrible bloody struggle awaits us! It will be the greatest struggle of them all. Der größte Kampf.
[At Hellsing headquarters]
Walter: I assume you've heard the news.
Alucard: Yes.
Walter: The Nazi again...It's unbelievable. But now, here we are, fifty years later.
Alucard: Is it really that surprising? I had a feeling they might be involved. This whole mess feels very familiar.
Walter: Oh? And why is that?
Alucard: "Why is that"? You are asking "why" after all we've been through. There is not a lot of people who are willing to unleash the undead to do thier fighting. There's you. There's them. And then there's me. We assume their undead research institute was completely destroyed over fifty years ago during the war. We killed every last Nazi we found, don't you remember?
Walter: Oh yes. We did, didn't we? God it's been ages.
Alucard: Growing old seems so awful.
Walter: Nonsense.Cromogenism is a traditional pleasure for English gentlemen. Alucard...We are sending you to South America. We are not the sort of people used to backing down. Especially when someone is clearly try to pick a fight!
Alucard: Hun...That is a very British attitude. Perhaps some discretion might serve you better.
Walter: If something can be achieved easily, it probably isn't worth it.
[Integra appears]
Sir Integra: Good evening. Has Walter explain the situation? My orders are simple. "Search and Destroy". Now go.
Alucard: Whatever you wish...My master.
[On the private jet]
Pip: A vampire drinking wine in a private jet? Flying to Rio de Janeiro in broad daylight? The stories got everything wrong. Well, to be fair...Maybe not everything.
Seras: Hmm…Hello? Someone please open this thing? Let me out!
[At the hotel]
Alucard: I believe I have a suite.
Clerk: Yes, Mr. Blenon, thank you. I have your reservation right here…the penthouse has been prepared for you.
Pip: Over here! Come on, this way!
Alucard: You can bring that up to the pent house, please.
Pip: Right you got it. Hey! You heard!? That goes up to the pent house!
Clerk: Excuse me sir, is that your luggage? I'm sorry sir, but the hotel doesn't allow such…large personal belongings…The hotel can't be held responsible if something…
Alucard: It's fine.
Clerk: I'm sure…I just have to call my…it just…your luggage looks a pit…
Alucard: Enough. Everything is fine.
Clerk: Everything…everything is fine…
Alucard: Everything is perfectly fine.
Clerk: Yes, sir…Everything is perfectly fine.
Alucard: Good. Now hurry up of my bags.
Pip: Yeah, fine…What the hell was that? Black magic? Or, maybe he has some kind of evil love beam or something…
[At suite]
Pip: What is this? My hotel is a trash heap on the edge of town. Oh, the inequity! Damn you Bourgeoisie! Damn you!
Alucard: Cheap hotels can be extremely charming.
Pip: Is that so?
Scout: This is Red Glove to White Sock. “The guests have checked into the hotel”. I repeat. “The guests have checked into the hotel”.
Pip: All Right. We'll start the investigation tomorrow. I'll come by for you once the sun sets. You vampires do prefer to work at night. According to the movies…
Alucard: I can hardly wait…
Pip: What?
Alucard: I can hardly wait until tomorrow. Good evening.
[Vatican]
Pope: I see. We seem to have found ourselves sharing common interest with Hellsing. It won't be easy cleaning up this fifty years old mess. I'm sorry I must always be asking you to perform such unpleasant tasks.
Maxwell: Your holiness. Please think nothing of such tasks. Iscariot is a blade to be wielded in whatever way you see fit. But I think we should let the heathen fight it out amongst themselves. With any luck they'll not only dig their own graves, but pay for the funerals as well…
[In dream]
Harkonnen: Seeeraaas, wake up, Seeeraaas…
Seras: Ah?
Harkonnen: Haaa…Haaa…
Seras: Ah…Who are you?
Harkonnen: I am the spirit of your gun! I'm the great Harkonnnen!
Seras: [Screaming]
Harkonnen: Wait! Don't run away! I said don't run a way! At least don't run that way! You've been working so hard! I want to give you my support! Now, go ahead and ask me anything you want to! And don't hold back!
Seras: Oh, well a spirit of Harkonnen…there's one little question I'm going to ask. I had a terrible series of misfortunes, and islanded in most dreadful circumstance, how long I'll be plagued by this bedlam…
Harkonnen: Oh, boy…
Seras: [Screaming]
Harkonnen: Wait! Hold on! I didn't mean it! I'll take you back!
Seras: Oh?
Harkonnen: Listen to me, Seras. What is happening now is not a dream. Something very, very bad is going to happen to you any second now…
Seras: Huh? What do you mean “very, very” bad…?
Harkonnen: I mean terrible…
Seras: Any second…?
Harkonnen: Right now…!
Seras: Noooooooooo!
Alucard: Wake up.
Seras: Oh, hello…good morning.
Alucard: Good evening. There's something interesting going on.
Seras: Agh…Huh? What's going on…What? That sounds just like…What!?What!? Oh my god…What the hell is going on!?
TV Reporter: Just twenty minutes ago two armed terrorists, a man and a woman, killed several of the hotel guests and stuff. They have no situated themselves on the top floor and they're taking over a dozen people hostages.
Pip: Buhooooo!
Walter: Yes. With respect to that, I will find the way to get in contact with them. No, no, I really don't think that's the situation at all.
Sir Integra: You would really declare the war against us? You bring this on yourself!
News reporter: We kept just received the update on the situation of Leo de Janeiro…
Andersen: Let's see your dance you freaks. Why not you waste and show me self a hell.
Alucard: Hahahahahaha! Now, it's time for us to go to war!
Officer: A sniper is in place.
Officer: SWAT teams, Yanun and Dugrun are both in position.
Correspondent: We're go! All team move in! The targets are both in the penthouse and they confirmed to be heavily armed. Extreme prejudice is advice! Shoot to kill! We're not taking prisoners! I repeat! The terrorists are to be shot on sight!
Officer: There. Everything is been arranged as you instructed. Is there anything else, Mr. Alhambra?
Alhambra: No, No, this is very good! I can think of no task for you at the moment. You're on your way to been granted entrance to the kingdom of immortality.
SWAT mamber: This is Dugrun, twelfth floor secured!
Officer: Ragger. All teams! Twelfth floor secured!
SWAT member: Quick thirteenth, secure the elevators!
SWAT member: This is squad two! Elevators secured!
Walter: I've been informed that the SWAT team is going to storm the building.
Sir Integra: How do you think Alucard is going handle the situation?
Walter: I imagine, he'll feel that they're an obstacle barring his way to main objective. And history has made clear his favorite tactics for dealing with obstacles.
Sir Integra: Even if they are humans? Just…ordinary ignorant men...
Walter: You seem to sometimes forget who he really is. Alucard…he is a monster.
SWAT member: We are guard in position. Dieromio, you're clear!
SWAT member: Roger! Moving in!
[Gunfire]
Alucard: Dogs…
SWAT member: Uh?
Alucard: That was a very good try…However…I can not killed by dogs…It takes a man to kill monster.
[Alucard slaughter SWAT team]
Alucard: Lock the door…
SWAT member: No! They are monster!
Alucard: Yeah, people keep telling me that. And what it does make you who stand against me soldier? A man? A dog? A monster?
[Last SWAT member has killed himself]
Seras: Ah? Master…
Alucard: Seras, prepare for battle.
Seras: But…
Alucard: Is there a problem? Do as you're told!
Seras: But master…these people…these are human…
Alucard: Your point?
Seras: These people are human beings!
Alucard: I don't care what these things are! They came here to try and kill us! It no longer matters what they are! Now, they must die! They'll be slaughter! Corpses! Left a rotten in graves like filth! This is just the way it is! This is what has to be done! And no one has the power to change that! Not god, devil or you!
Seras: I know…but…it just…
Alucard: This is just the way it is…
Seras: Yes…Master.
Alucard: Come along now Seras. No time to be a coward.
Seras: Sorry sir…Yes! Right!
[Phone call]
Walter: Someone is calling the direct line. Do you think it's…
Sir Integra: Who is it?
Alucard: It's your humble servant, sir Integra. Give me my orders. Master…
Sir Integra: What did you do to that SWAT team?
Alucard: I killed them. I slaughtered them like cattle. There's not one left standing. Now, all that I require is your order sir Integra…I believe the senior officials of the local police are under Millenium's control. These people who stand against me maybe innocent humans…But I will kill them! I'm ready to strike them down without a moment hesitation! Or the slightest hint of regret! I can do this for you…I'm a monster and I will do what needs to be done. But what will you do, sir Integra? My guns are prepared for battle. My sights were trailed. My magazine is fully loaded. I pull the slide, remove the safety. Everything is ready and waiting! Still…you are the one to pull the trigger. So what will you do? I'm waiting for a orders my master. Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing…
Sir Integra: Don't you dare question my resolve! I've already given your matching order, soldier! You will Search and Destroy! Search and Destroy! Any resistance you encounter is to be crushed! Hellsing does not run from our enemy! Kill them all! I order you to leave nothing but the bloody stains in your way!
Alucard: Hahahahaha! The final veil removed! This is excellent news indeed. You still allow to inspire my passion, Integra. Then by your orders my master, I hope that you enjoy the show…
Searas: Master…huh!?
Sir Integra: What do you think, Walter…Did I make the right decision?
Walter: I'm only your butler, Mum. It's not my place to pass judgment on choice of action. I simply hope my services help you make your decision. Now, why don't I go and start a fresh pot of tea? I believe I saw a shipment of Ceylon in kitchen.
[Alucard slaughtering the SWAT team]
[Radio]: This is Dugrun team leader! We are stuck in the top floor! Please! Send help! Anything! He is a monster god damn…Headquarters! Get us Fuck out of here! Oh god it's like hell! God damn it! Please, god damn it!
Doc: Is that it?
The major: Oh, no. The blood bath has only just begun. He is not even close to being finished yet.
Doc: So how do you wish to proceed?
The major: Well, it's not fun yet. That's for sure. Who cares how many of these little police people he tears apart. It's like sprinkling water on a raging fire. I know how to liven this up. Tell Tubalcain Alhambra it's time to attack.
[Hotel]
SWAT member: Come on! Let's go! Move! Move! He is coming! Run! Run!
Alucard: Haaaaaaah!
SWAT member: Come on! Move! Let' go!
[one of SWAT member was haunted]
SWAT member: Stop, man! What the hell are you doing!?
[Gunfire]
SWAT member: Hurry!
Alucard: Oopen Sesamee…Good work soldiers…Now good night.
[Gunfire]
TV Reporter: It's been five minutes since the SWAT team went in! We still haven't had any words from the inside!
[Alucard appears]
The Major: Hahahahahaha! What a glorious spectacle! I love it! I've missed my beautiful war very much! Look at him. So hideous and it makes my spine tingle. This is what I want! A creature who dances between life and death! Who mocks the borders between sanity and madness. He looks as lively as the day I saw him. He is truly inhuman this one! This stranger from the night…This noble vampire…I can hear a symphony of war. It's been so very long the chorus of screams. Arising from the pits of hell.
Alhambra: Oh my…you really shouldn't play with your food. You certainly live up to your reputation. My name is Tubalcain Alhambra, Mr. Aliucard. Though, some people have taken to calling me the “Dandy man”.
Alucard: Fascinating. Did these poor souls belong to you?
Alhambra: Oh, you're speaking of those unfortunate men up there. Their superiors were fools .Then, so they allow their men to end up being such a state. Truly amazing what's some people do want the promise of immortality.
Alucard: Taking Advantage of idiots. We both know there is no such thing as immortality.
Alhambra: No need to be cruel, they still serve their purpose. After all, how many of your holly ammunition rounds you have left now, Mr. Alucard?
Alucard: You're stating to bore me. Let's cut to the chase. What are you here for?
Alhambra: I'm here to take your unlife Mr. Alucard. Millennium has given me the task of bringing you in. Well, at least a sample of few enemies…
[Alhambra attacks Alucard]
Alucard: I get it. There's absolutely no reasoning with you people. Which leaves me with no choice but to keep killing until there are none of you left standing. Didn't your master learn anything from the first time I've decimated them?
[Alucard vs. Alhambra]
Alhambra: Right in to my trap!
Alhambra: Oh, no you don't. Alucard the vampire! You're so disappointing!
Officer: Mr. Alhambra is still in the middle of fighting!
Officer: But if anything happens to him, we won't get what's coming to us!
Officer: Accoding to our round report…
[Pip kills every officer in the tent]
Pip: I guess that's one more step toward earning my pay check. Where did they put that helicopter?
Alucard: I can't stop bleeding. Those cards of him must be very special…huh, magic playing cards? How interesting. Hahahahah…you sir, Dandy man…are very amusing. Hi.
Alhambra: Are you ready for another round? Mr. Alucard? I bet they have a special place ready for you…in the deepest pits of hell…
Alucard: Hahahaha….
Alhambra: What!? Is something funny?
Alucard: I'm just pleased, that's all. The world would've be so boring without it is like you to amuse me. A new Millennium group! A revived Last Battalion! Yes I know. You remind me of that insane little major and his freak show of menagerie. I'm grateful that the world still breed such madness! Now it's time to play, Alhambra! I want to hear you squeal like pig.
Alhambra: you expect me to squeal? Are you serious? Don't you see what is happening? If only the world was so simple, you really have gone completely soft in the head!
[Alucard disappear]
Alhambra: Trying to run again, useless…Agh!
Seras: Haaaaaaaah!
Alhambra: Little…Bitch!
[Seras made the shot of Halkonnen]
Aluhambra: Go to hell! I've had enough of these pests!
[Alucard break Alhambra's left foot]
Aluhambra: Aaaagh!
Alucard: I want to hear it, pig! So…Squeal!
Aluhambra: Aaaah!
[Alucard rip Alhambra's hand]
Alhambra: Aaaaaagh! Aaaaaagh!
Alucard: That's checkmate Tubalcaine Alhambra! Now it's time we start dealing with the business at hand. I'm obliged to give you a thorough interrogation. So you're going to tell me everything you know…well your blood will.
[Alucard bite Alhambra's neck]
Alucard: So it's war then is it?
The major: Oh yes it's war. A war without distraction or interruption.
Seras: Master! Master…my god…master?
Alucard: Hahahahahahahahaha…
Seras: What was that?
Pip: Mr. Alucard! Miss Victoria! Can I offer you a lift somewhere?
Alucard: We ruin the countries we govern and the people within our care. We slaughter our enemies and sacrifice all our allies. We'll keep killing until there's nothing left but to destroy ourselves. It will never be enough. We are incorrigible warmongers aren't we, Major?
Pip: Hurry up! Come on people we need to get going now!
The Major: Hahahahaha! Poor dandy man! He looks like a broken rag doll. Our opponent is quite impressive isn't he? He is stronger than any of us could possibly imagine.
Doc: I am… I am so sorry, major. I suppose this means that I still have much work to do.
The Major: Please! Don't be ridiculous. This is the dawn of our great success the things we've learnt today will serve us well against Alucard in the future. We've gained access to most extraordinary being, a medians, more than a person, a Vampire. I'll tell you doctor fifty years of hard work are about to pay off. You will build monsters, turn them into soldiers, organize them, train them, supply them, militarize them and command them! We are the Last Battalion! Das letzte Battalion! It is magnificent, my brilliant doctor.
Doc: Thank you, Major.
The Major: Good…This most delightful show must now draw to an end. It's time we headed back home for a bit don't you think? Captain! Let's bring her home and quickly. We've kept the gentlemen at the opera house waiting long enough. So please let us make haste I imagine by this time they are about ready to explode with anger.
Captain:Understood, very serious business indeed. I'll have her at full tilt all the way, Major! [Da steht, Gang!] Alle Klappen, engagiert!
Airship Crew 1: [Da steht, Gang!] Alle Klappen, engagiert!
 Steuerbord, zwanzig!
Airship Crew 3: Steuerbord, zwanzig!
The Major:Destination, Jablow, panzer schanze. We're coming! And I don't care how many hundreds or thousands or millions or billions of people try to stop me! Yes! Anyone who's there, standing in my way will be destroyed! Welcome to this crazy time…Willkommen zu verrückte Zeit.
  