
 ws:start:WikiTextFileRule:0:&lt;img src=&quot;http://www.wikispaces.com/site/embedthumbnail/file/Order%2001%20-%20The%20UnDead.ssa?h=52&amp;w=320&quot; class=&quot;WikiFile&quot; id=&quot;wikitext@@file@@Order 01 - The UnDead.ssa&quot; title=&quot;File: Order 01 - The UnDead.ssa&quot; width=&quot;320&quot; height=&quot;52&quot; /&gt;  ws:end:WikiTextFileRule:0 

Pilot: Five Three Zero Zero, Roger. Standing by in the sky until ground troops arrive.

Alucard: Target Identified. Releasing the Control Art Restriction System to Level Three.

Creepy guy: Please, come in. You don't want another drink?

Creepy guy: I want to get down on my knees this instant...to caress your legs and admire all of your beauty. But I lack the youth to do that. I was very fortunate to meet you at the party. I knew you were the kind of person who could share my type of pleasure. We don't need the illusion of light.

Creepy guy: I can feel your beauty very well, just like this. You have a very nice scent. Who's that? Who's there?!

Alucard: Situation C. Keeping the power restriction unlocked until the target has been silenced.

Creepy guy: Who are you?! Where do you think this is?!

Alucard: The Royal Order of Religious Knights...

Creepy guy: What did you say?! Wait! Wait a minute!

Alucard: Out of the way, human! Unless you want to become a shit-like ghoul!

Creepy guy: Vam... pi... re...!

Alucard: Limited Release Completed.

Lieutenant: On June 12th this priest was assigned to Cheddar Village. One month later, people in the village started to disappear. The local police department conducted the investigation. They went to the church to arrest him the day before yesterday. However, all of them were killed. The London Police Department ordered D-11 to go into action.

Sergeant: Our elite D-11 unit sent in one division, but they lost half their men in yesterday's action. What's worse, the attackers were identified as the local policemen who were presumed dead.

Integral: They're not human.

Sergeant: What?

Integral: The vampire drained their blood. They became cannibalistic monsters, ghouls. I'm sure you've attended the lecture.

Lieutenant: But to say they're not human...

Integral: I have neither the right nor the intention to point out your mistake.

Lieutenant: My mistake...?

Integral: What happened in Cheddar Village...you, a lieutenant in the London Police Department should have had the knowledge to understand the situation and determine the wisest way to handle it. Yet it seems you intentionally forgot that there is only one way to resolve this sort of thing. You should have known what the result would be, even if you sent in your elite unit.

Lieutenant: I haven't forgotten about The Royal Order of Religious Knights...the Hellsing Organization.

Integral: Night is falling...

Lieutenant: Sir Integral Hellsing...

Integral: My organization has already arrived in Cheddar.

Sergeant: How many divisions did you send?

Integral: One man.

Lieutenant: One man?!

Alucard: A great night...the kind of night that makes me want to drink blood.

Jack: Seras...

Victoria: Jack, please don't try to talk! Reinforcements will be arriving soon! I wasn't expecting anything like this! I don't like this. I wanted to be strong, so you and everyone else would stop calling me little kitty. I swore I would never cry at a crime scene.

Victoria: Jack!! Jack!! Jack! Stop! That's enough!

Victoria: Everybody's coming back...Dead?! They're all dead! Andy... Eugene... hey! It's me! Little kitty! Can't you tell?

Integral: I am on the way to Cheddar now. The hunter I sent is perfectly suited to this type of situation. You can leave everything in our capable hands.

Victoria: I didn't...I didn't join D-11 to do this.

Victoria: They're not human. Not human...Huh?!

Alucard: It's a great night. Isn't it, police girl? This is the kind of night that makes me feel like sucking blood.

Victoria: You're not... human!

Alucard: So, you shoot because I'm not human?

Victoria: What am I doing? Where am I trying to escape to in this place?

Priest: The church is always open to those in distress.

Victoria: Father...

Priest: You are still a young lady, fresh and full of life. But the undead have frightened you. Poor girl!

Victoria: Are you... the priest?

Priest: I merely give guidance to the weak.

Victoria: I am on a mission...and the most likely suspect would be…but you're normal.

Priest: You're referring to those ghouls you encountered outside.

Victoria: Ghouls?

Priest: Their blood was food for the vampire. They are nothing more than animated corpses, existing only to serve vampires.

Victoria: Vampire?

Priest: That's right. Vampires don't embrace every human. For example...

Victoria: Let me go.

Priest: I would never make you a ghoul. Coursing through your body is warm blood that's unbelievably sweet.

Victoria: You... I'll shoot you. I'll blow your brains out, then tell everyone...

Priest: I know you're feeling pain...but I will give you pleasure that lasts forever.

Alucard: That's enough! Punk!

Priest: Who are you?!

Alucard: My name is Alucard. I'm merely a tool of the special operations agency, Hellsing. I dispose of garbage.

Priest: Garbage? Hah! Special operations agency?! Have you lost your mind?

Alucard: No, you're the maggot underneath the garbage! Look at you! That cheap outfit isn't even fit for a carnival. What do you think you're doing? Dressing like a priest - you don't even know the meaning of shame. That's what makes you trash!

Priest: You can die now!

Victoria: Commander...

Alucard: You're a narrow-minded king, creating ghouls to keep as slaves. You're a coward incapable of acting on your own. Even Hell won't accept you!

Priest: Kill him!

Priest: He was all talk!

Priest: What?! It can't be!

Alucard: Guns are useless against me!

Priest: You're a...?

Alucard: Ordinary guns that is...

Priest: Ghouls! Kill him!

Victoria: He's not human...

Priest: Why?! Why are you...?! We're both vampires!

Alucard: You instant vampires are cockroaches! Multiplying without control. I can't stand your kind...half-ass vampire with no self-respect! You don't even know what you are! Besides...I have my reasons for serving humans. But that is not a story for trash like you.

Alucard: A silver cross from the Great Lanchester Church was melted down to cast the 13mm explosive rounds in this gun. So relax. And go to Hell, forever!

Priest: She's the only surviving human. You can't shoot her – you’re a servant of the humans.

Priest: Say, aren't we both vampires? Humans are just lower creatures, inferior to us in every way. Yes...you should help me escape. Come with me! If we work together...

Alucard: Police girl.

Victoria: Yes...

Priest: Hey! Are you listening to me?!

Alucard: I'm going to shoot you in the lung...the bullet will pass through you and into the heart of that trash vampire.

Priest: W... wait a minute!

Alucard: You don't have to die. Do you want to come with me?

Priest: Look, you...

Alucard: I won't force you. The choice is yours. Answer!

Victoria: Yes.

Victoria: Alucard...

Alucard: You chose this, police girl.

Alucard: One normally closes one's eyes for this.

Alucard: Mission completed. All target activity has ceased. The limited power release is completed.

Integral: You spent too much time for just one target.

Integral: I'll call for rescue.

Alucard: No. I want you to transfer this police girl to the Hellsing Organization.

Integral: You don't make decisions.

Alucard: She is the one who decided.

Integral: It's time for the Hellsing Organization to withdraw.

Victoria: Excuse me...

Alucard: This was a great night...wasn't it?
  