
  ---------- [OP]

Balsa: Two years, huh?

Balsa: Yogo's a good place. Very calm and peaceful.

Balsa: Problem?

Traveling Merchant: Nah! We just don't get women warriors here. Did you come all the way down from Kanbal?

Balsa: Pretty much. I came down here to have some work done on my spear.

Traveling Merchant: You came all the way here for that? Well, I guess Yogo does have more to offer than Kanbal. Assuming, of course, you've got the money to afford it.

Balsa: Maybe. But if you have money, life ends up being the same no matter where you go. However, if you don't have money, you learn to live your life according to where you are -- a path I much prefer.

Traveling Merchant: It seems like you're a pretty big thinker for someone so young.

Balsa: Well, I'm not that young anymore; thirty's just around the corner.

Traveling Merchant: Hey, hold on! There's a procession for the royal family!

Balsa: I'm not from anywhere around this realm. I don't owe them anything.

Man: He's gonna fall!

Balsa: There he is. He's just a kid?! What happened down there? He must've passed out immediately. Well, he didn't drown.
(pass out = faint)

Attendant A: Step back! A commoner must never look directly upon a member of the royal family!

Attendant B: Don't look! Get a stretcher and a doctor! You! Clear those people out!

Toya: Thought it might be you, Tanda! What brings you here? You don't normally come to Ogi no Shimo.

Tanda: So, has there been any word of her coming to town?

Toya: No, sorry. It's been about two years now. But y'know, I've got this feeling Balsa's gonna turn up any day now.

Tanda: Well, I hope you're right.

Saya: Hey Tanda, would you like to come in for a bit?

Tanda: Not right now. I'll stop by and visit you later. I've got a few orders in for medicinal plants, so I'll be in town for a few days.

Toya: If we hear any rumors about Balsa coming to town, you'll be the first to know!

Man A: I heard they read that wannabe hero the riot act! Ha! Can you believe that guy? What an ego, thinking he can touch the royal family! I--

Waitress: Here you go.

Man B: Hey lady, we need some more foods over here.

Waitress: Coming!

Man A: I hope they catch that guy. Put him in his place--

Man ?: We'd better teach him he ain't a hero. (laughs)

Man C: I'd never lift a finger to help those people.

Waitress: It's been one of those days.

Soldier A: Excuse me, Miss. We have a question we'd like to ask you. We're told it was a warrior who rescued a member of the royal family from the Aoyumi River today. We've been searching for this man. The rumor going around town is that the warrior carried a spear. You wouldn't happen to know anything about this warrior?

Balsa: Afraid not.

Soldier B: That's what I thought. I suggest you forget what you just heard.

Balsa: It looks like you want me to do more than just forget.
Forget it! You're so slow I could kill you twice before you could even draw your sword.

Soldier A: Wait! Please. I apologize for our conduct. I know this may seem hard to believe, but we are emissaries of the court. We were sent to find you at the request of the second queen.

Balsa: The second queen?

Soldier A: When we heard the rescuer was a warrior, we began our search under the assumption that it was a man. But after what you've just shown us, I now believe that warrior was you. If you come with us, it will be worth your while. I beg you, Miss. Please, do me the honor of escorting you to Ninomiya Palace.

Balsa: Your timing's lousy. I should've gone straight to the blacksmith when I got here.

---------- <Eyecatch> ----------

Balsa: That's quite a view. Hm. If this is how they live in this palace, I can't even imagine what it's like where the mikado lives.
A feast like this, and no one to enjoy it with. Well, I guess they don't have any reason to poison me now.

Chamberlain: I apologize, Miss. We invite you to come here, then once you are here, you barely receive much of welcome. I know you're from out of the area, so you may not know the customs here.

Balsa: A commoner like me is not allowed to look directly in the eyes of a member of the royal family. If we are to do so, we'll be instantly struck blind in both eyes.

Chamberlain: Well, that's one of the reasons you are dining alone. But please know the second queen is grateful for what you did. Without your help, the prince would've surely drowned. To prove it, she wants you to have this. We're aware that this may not be a great deal of money for saving the life of a prince, but please take it. In addition, Her Majesty wants you to stay the night. It's another way that she can show her gratitude for all you've done. We'd be more than honored if you accept.

Balsa: No, you've already done more than enough. Thank you.

Chamberlain: Please, reconsider. The queen really wants you to spend the night.

Server: Your belongings have been placed in your room already.

Balsa: Thank you.
You've gotta be kidding.
The size of this futon is ridiculous! I wonder these people seem worlds apart from us 'cause they sleep on beds like this at night. Huh, what the hell, I may never get to experience luxury like this again, so I should just enjoy it while I have the chance.

Second Queen: Excuse me, Outlander. Are you awake?

Balsa: I am. Please come in.

Second Queen: You are indeed as formidable as the rumor suggests. It would appear that you're not struck blind upon looking the two of us in the eyes. Thank you for rescuing the prince today. You have my deepest gratitude.

Balsa: Your words are incredibly kind. The welcome I have received today is greater than I deserve. I appreciate all you've done, but further signs of your gratitude are unnecessary.

Second Queen: Very well. I must imagine that you find this exchange we're having right now to be incredibly odd, especially with it being in the middle of the night.
Lift your eyes, Balsa. What my attendants said was true. Your face reveals a woman of a fine character. You are known by the name Balsa the Spear-wielder. They say in your circles there are none who haven't heard of you. It's also said that you are a warrior from the distant land of Kanbal. And through excellent command of your spear, you have saved many lives. Is this correct?

Balsa: With all due respect, those are merely rumors that make me out to be more than I am. All I am is your average bodyguard hired to protect others for money, nothing more than that.

Second Queen: Ah, I see.
Tell me. Why have you chosen an occupation that requires you to risk your life in order to earn a living? To be honest, it is because you're so accomplished that I have come here to ask you this favor. I care not where you will go, but I ask you this. Please take this child with you and protect him from the mikado's assassins for the rest of his life.

Balsa: Ah, the mikado's assassins?

Second Queen: Today it was an ox cart. Two weeks ago, he narrowly escaped dying at the hot springs. A geyser of boiling water erupted out of nowhere.

Balsa: But why in the world would the mikado want to kill the prince?

Second Queen: It began about two months ago. Night after night, the child began mumbling strange things in his sleep. So I had his head tutor, a star reader, observe the prince as he slept. He told me it was his belief that some unknown force had possessed the child. Fortunately, this star reader is an honorable, trustworthy man. We decided to tell no one and to consult with a magic weaver from the Yakoo people. Sadly, the star reader consulted not only with this magic weaver but with the master star reader as well. It's my suspicion that upon hearing the news from the master star reader, the mikado decided to secretly order his own son's assassination.

Balsa: You think it's just because of that?

Second Queen: If word of this gets out and rumors begin to spread, it would irreparably damage the image that the mikado enjoys as a child of God.

Chagum: Woman! Why is my mother in this state? Have you insulted her?

Second Queen: You misunderstand, Chagum. This woman has not insulted me. On the contrary, I've asked her to do everything she can to protect your life.

Balsa: Wait a second!

Second Queen: Let me finish. Chagum, you need to listen carefully. From this moment on, I want you to go wherever this person goes, and no matter what happens, you must continue to live. I'm afraid you're no longer a prince. You lost that privilege the moment the mikado ordered your death. But you must never hate His Majesty. The responsibility he bears as ruler comes at a dreadful cost.
Bring it in!
A commoner could never spend all this even if she spent her entire life trying. Give me your word you will accept this in exchange for protecting my child.

Balsa: Your Majesty, believe me, I understand the nature of your request. However, the position your request has put me in is incredibly unfair.

Second Queen: And how is it unfair?

Balsa: It's incredibly unfair because the reward I receive for saving the prince's life is me loosing my own.

Second Queen: I don't know what you are talking about. No one said a thing about taking your life.

Balsa: You don't think so. If someone of my low social status hears a story like the one you've told me, that person has no choice but to agree to your request. But even after accepting that request, survival could never be guaranteed. Furthermore, you are incredibly unfamiliar with the ways of the world. If I were to try and use gems with the palace crest on them, our whereabouts would be discovered immediately.

Second Queen: I see. Unfortunately, this is the only kind of currency I have at my disposal.
What you say is true. I cannot allow one who has learned the secret to leave without consequence. Balsa, I'm afraid you must choose. Die here or take the prince and gamble on survival. What will it be?

Balsa: You may be the queen.
But the number of men you deem trustworthy is a paltry amount. Two in the room behind me. Three in the hallway. Counting these two in here, you have seven in all. What a pity.
Stay where you are! Okay, I start by taking the treasure. You two! Shove as much in there as you can!
Majesty, you asked me earlier of all the professions I can choose why I would choose a bodyguard. Here's why. For certain reasons, I once took the lives of eight people who I considered to be very dear. And so, to appease the souls of those eight people, I continue working as a body guard, and I will, until I have saved eight lives that are equal to theirs.

Second Queen: Now I understand. Thank you.

Balsa: I will protect the prince for you.

Second Queen: Go with her, Chagum. I trust her, and you must do the same.

Balsa: Let's go.

Chagum: Mother, no! Please don't... I don't wanna go!

Balsa: You there, if you wanna ensure that the prince escapes safely, you can start by setting a fire in his bedchamber! And then take us to the nearest escape route!
That's mine.
All right, Your Majesty. Take care.

Second Queen: Balsa! If you include my son's life, how many lives will you have managed to save?

Balsa: Your son's life will be the eighth, Your Majesty.

---------- <ED> ----------

Balsa goes into hiding in the Yogoan city. But she and Chagum are given no time to rest. Next time, "Hunters, Hunted." Those who serve the mikado from the shadows are about to be unleashed.
  