
  [in the darkness]
The voice: Think carefully. Should you reject the faith even this once, the gates of paradise will forever be out of your reach.

Ciel: Do you think one who was among those faithful would ever go so far as to summon someone like you?

The voice: I'll ask but once more. Do you wish to form a contract with me?

Ciel: I do! Now, stop asking these tedious questions and let me know if we have a deal!

-- [Opening Song] --

[Ciel's bedroom]
Sebastian: Master. It is time for you to wake up.
For breakfast today, we have a lightly poached salmon accompanied by a delicate mint salad. I can also offer toast, scones, or pain de campagne. Which dish would you care for this morning?

Ciel: A scone.

S: Today you have a meeting with Mr. Hughes, the authority on the history of the Roman Empire. And this evening, Mr. Damiano of the Poseidon Company will be paying you a visit.

C: Oh, is that the man I have in charge of stuffed animals at my factory in India?

S: Yes. I'm told he's Italian. We will of course offer him all the hospitality the estate can provide.

C: I know this smell. Is this tea Earl Gray?

S: Yes, from Jacksons of Piccadilly.

S: I shall wait for you at the dining table, Master.
Well thrown, my lord. Even so, let's save the games for later.

C: Yes, I suppose you're right, Sebastian.

[Title]
Ciel: My butler is an able man.


[Dining room]
Finny: Ow! Ow ow ow ow ow ow! What was that for, Master? What did I do?

Ciel: Nothing. I don't need to justify my actions.

Sebastian: There you are! Have you finished weeding the courtyard, Finny? Mey-Rin, have you washed all the beddings? Baldroy, shouldn't you be preparing for tonight's dinner? Tanaka... well, I suppose you're all right as you are.
Now all of you, we have no time for thumb twiddling this morning. So get to work!

Mey-rin: Yes, sir!

S: Simply hopeless.


[Servants' area]
Sebastian: The silver is polished to a spotless shine. The tablecloth is crisp, clean and wrinkle-free. There is not a single bruised blossom among Master's favorite white roses. And finally, the highest quality ingredients have been gathered to prepare a first-rate dinner. The table is perfection. This will be an elegant Phantomhive welcome.

(Sigh,) Still so much to do and he calls me now.

Baldo: A guest is comin'. All right, then this is our chance. Sebastian looks down on us all the time. Today we will be so perfect he won't even know what 'it 'im. "Ah!". Yeah, that's what he is gonna say.

Mey-rin & Finny : Ah!

B: That's for him to say, not you.

M: Oh, That's a good idea.

F: Right, we have to stop relying on Sebastian for everything.

B: It's settled then, we got a plan of attack!

All: Let's get to it!


[Ciel's Study]
Ciel: I'm a bit hungry. I'd like something sweet to eat.

Sebastian: You shouldn't eat now, Master. You don't want to spoil your appetite for dinner with your guest this evening.

C: I don't care about that. Make me a parfait.

S: I'm sorry, sir.

C: Fine then. About the portrait in the hallway...

S: Yes.

C: Take it down. I am Ciel Phantomhive, son of Vincent, and I am the head of the house now.

S: Consider it done, my lord.


[Servants' area]
Sebastian: Now, how exactly did this happen?

F: I thought things would go faster if I used extra strength weed-killer on the garden.

M: I was trying to reach the tea set we use for guests, but I tripped and the cabinet fell!

B: There was a lot of meat to be cooked for dinner, and it was gonna take a long time, so uh, I used me flamethrower.

M&F: Oh~, we're so sorry. We didn't mean to.

S: (Our guest will arrive just after 6. At most we have two hours left. Not enough time to replace the tea set or find premium meats. What should I do?)
Calm down, all of you. Perhaps you should try taking a page out of Tanaka's book, and start behaving like…
Everyone. Listen closely and do exactly as I say, understand? We must be quick about this. We might save this night yet.


[Garden]
Damiano: Oh, how impressive!

Servants: Hello, welcome, sir.

Sebastian: This is called a stone garden. It is a traditional feature in Japan.

D: Ah, prodigioso! Wonderful! Truly an elegant garden.

S: We thought it appropriate to serve dinner al fresco this evening. Allow me to escort you inside until the meal is ready.

D: Ha ha ha, I should have expected this from a Phantomhive. I cannot wait to see what else is in store!

Baldo: Phew, We actually did it.

Finny: Who would've thought a dozen box of gravel could turn into an amazing garden?

S: Naturally we were able to handle this. We serve the Phantomhive family after all. There's still work to be done. Let's take care of it while the master is talking business with his guest. Look sharp now.

Servants: Right!


[Drawing Room]
Damiano: The progress we've been making with the East India Factory is quite astonishing. We already have the makings of a top-notch staff.

Ciel: Bewitched by the eyes of the dead. What terrible luck. It appears I lose a turn.

D: Right now is the perfect time. We should begin expanding the company and building a strong labor force, it would--

C: Go on. It's your turn.

D: Oh, yes. I just spin this then.
Okay there, five spaces. Now, what I wanted to ask you. Perhaps you could contribute another 12,000 pounds to support our expansion? I believe it will be quite a profitable venture for you, my lord, and I would consider it an honor to help expand the Funtom Company…

C: Lose a leg in the enchanted forest. And it's your turn again. I lost a turn, remember?

D: Oh, I see. Right, I move six.

C: You don't. That's three.

D: What? But…

C: You lost a leg, if you recall. Now you only move half othe number of spaces.

D: Oh my, ha ha ha ha. This is a gruesome-a board game, isn't it? Is there-a no way for me to restore my leg, then?


C: I'm afraid once something is truly lost, sir, that one can never get it back again.
Your body is burnt by raging flames.

--- [Intermission] ---

[Kitchen]
Sebastian: How is it going?

Baldo: I'm doin' it like you said to. Is this really what you want?

S: Yes, that looks excellent.

Mey-rin: Sebastian! Found 'em! Aah!

S: Oh, honestly. How many times have I told you not to run inside the manor, Mey-Rin?

M: I'm so sorry, sir! My glasses cracked and I can't see a thing!

S: These are the last items we needed for dinner. Splendid work, everyone. And now I believe you can leave the rest of it to me and relax for a bit. But I need you to do well, very well, during dinner tonight.

B: He said it twice…

Finny: Ooh, that's serious.

[Drawing Room]
Sebastian: Pardon the interruption, but dinner is served.

Damiano: Oh, dinning out in that exquisite stone garden? Shall we go, my lord?

Ciel: Very well, we'll finish the game later.

D: Oh, is there any real need to finish it? It's obvious I'ma going to lose.

C: I'm not in the habit of abandoning games halfway through.

D: How childish.
Oh I, I mean that sometimes it takes a child's eyes to see what's really important. It's a true gift. Maybe that's what's made the Phantomhives the nation's foremost toy makers. It certainly impresses me!


[Stone garden]
Sebastian: On tonight's menu is a dish of finely-sliced raw beef donburi courtesy of our chef Baldroy.

Damiano: A pile of raw beef. And this is dinner?

S: Yes, but surely you have heard of it? This, good sir, is a traditional Japanese delicacy, a dish offered as a sign of gratitude to someone who has accomplished important work. That, sir, is the wonder of donburi!

D: Oh, donburi!

S: This is a token from our master, to show his thanks for all your hard work on the company's behalf. He wanted you to know that it's much appreciated.

Finni: Now that's our Sebastian for you!

Baldo: He saved the day.

Tanaka: ho ho ho.

D: Excellent, what an inspired idea! The legendary Phantomhive hospitality in action!

S: The vintage we are pouring tonight was specially selected to compliment the flavor of soy sauce.
Mey-Rin. Now, Mey-Rin.

Mey-rin: Yes, sir!

S: Why are you just standing there? Pour the man a glass of wine.

M; Of course, yes, sir!

B: Hey...

F: What?

B: Is it just me or is Mey-Rin acting a little strange?

M: Sebastian is watching me. I can't take it. Don't look at me that way!

B&F: Ah~!

F: Mey-Rin, stop it! Can't you see you're spilling the wine?

D: Oh? Where did the tablecloth-a go?

Ciel: A speck of dirt, most unsightly. I had the cloth removed so it wouldn't distract us. Think nothing of it.

S: Please accept my apologies, sir. Do continue. Enjoy the meal at your leisure.

D: Oh, Oh my! Lord Phantomhive, once again you have truly impressed me. What an able butler you've acquired.

C: Pay him no mind. He merely act as befits one of my servants.

S: My master is quite correct about that. Naturally, you see, I am simply one hell of a butler.

C: humph.


[Drawing Room]
Damiano: That was a thoroughly enjoyable dinner, my lord. Now then, about the contract…

Ciel: Before we discuss that, we must finish the game.

D: Ah, yes of course. I do have a pressing-a appointment, perhaps another ti…

C: Children can be very demanding about their games. Surely you wouldn't want me to get upset.

D: No, no of course not. Perhaps you would permit me to use your telephone?

Sebastian: I've brought some tea for you and my lord.

D: I'll be right back.

C: What is this? It smells terribly weak.

S: Out of consideration for our guest, I brought some Italian tea.

C: Italian?

S: Italians drink more coffee than tea, sir. So finding high-quality Italian tea can be difficult. This particular selection is not to your liking, master?

C: No, it is not. I don't like it at all.

S: I'll see to the dessert preparations.

C: Good. We must show him every available hospitality. The Phantomhive family is known for its courtesy.

S: Yes, my young lord.

[Telephone Room]
Damiano: I'm-a tired of-a babysitting this-a child earl. Yes, I've already sold off the factory. Now all that's left is to pocket the extra cash. I'm trying to squeeze more out of the brat right now. The employees? Who cares about them? Ah...! Never mind. The rest of the formalities are for you to deal with. No, it'll be easy. Please, he's only a child.


[Hallway]
Damiano: Ah...! Impossible… I'm seeing things.

Ciel's Voice: "Bewitched by the eyes of the dead."

D: Ah... No, that's ridiculous.

Huh. Not here either. Or here… This manor is like a giant maze. I can't even find the drawing room.

Ciel's Voice: "Bewitched by the eyes of the dead."

D: Ah... eh, ahh! S, stay, stay away from me!

Finny: That's odd. Was that our guest I heard just now?

Baldo: Hey! We need to move this, or Sebastian will start yellin' again!

F: Right!

Mey-rin: Oh, how embarrassing! Oh, I really messed up this time! Oh, but at least I was able to get close to Sebastian! Oh, what a shameful day it all! What kind of lecherous maid am I?

Ciel's Voice: "You lose one turn."

D: Huff,huff... Aghhhh!

M: Ah, sir, are you all right?

Ah! His right leg... it's twisted round. What happened to it?

B: Hey, what's wrong?

M: Our guest! Something's happen!

Ciel's Voice: "And now you lose one leg in the enchanted forest."

D: Ugh!

M: Sir? Uh, Sir? Come back.

Sebastian: Surly you aren't leaving the manor yet, sir? We haven't given you the full Phantomhive treatment yet. We still have to serve dessert.
You've lost a leg, remember? Now you can only move half the number of spaces. So why not just relax a bit and make yourself at home?

[Kitchen]
Damiano: Damn, It's too dark. Is this a cupboard? Damn, these are really tight quarters. What's this…? Smells like sugar.

Sebastian: What an impatient guest we have. You couldn't even restrain yourself until dessert was out of the oven?

D: The, the oven? Open up! Please, open the door!

S: Perhaps the Italians aren't familiar with our customs. There's plum pudding, mincemeat pie. There are many traditional desserts here in England that make use of meat. I find them all quite tasty.

Ciel's Voice: "Your body is burnt by raging flames."

D: Aghhhhhhhh!

[Backyard]
Baldo: What was that? Someone screamed.

Finny: Don't know. Oh, hi Sebastian!

Sebastian: Thank you for your hard work today. As a reward how would you like some lemon meringue pie? The sugar will give you energy.

F: Sebastian! You're such a nice person! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!

B: Thank you so much Sebastian! Thank you!

S: Oh, yes, and Bald, a workman will be coming by in the morning. When he arrives kindly let him know we'll be needing our oven thoroughly cleaned.

B: Huh? The oven?

S: Mr. Damiano, I hope you enjoyed your stay, and the Phantomhive family hospitality, all the way down to your bones.

D: Huff, huff... Mamma mia!

[Drawing Room]
Ciel: Humph, ha ha ha. What an unattractive scream. He sounds almost like a pig taken off to slaughter. Humph, What presumption, first he sells the East Indian factory without telling me, and then he dares to ask for more money? Did he think to retain my trust?
I'm afraid once something is truly lost, one can never get it back again.


[Hallway]
Sebastian: It would appear we'll be needing to hang new wallpaper as well.

-- the image of Ciel's babyhood --
Ciel: Mama! Papa!

S: The new head of the Phantomhive estate, hah.


[Trailer]
Sebastian: My young master Ciel has another name. He's also known as the Queen's guard dog for his own in policing England's seedy underground. His small body houses great determination. You will marvel at the bravery he displays when dealing with the drug traffic in the ring. Also, feel free to admire my notable skills with the silver upon which I stake my honor as a Phantomhive butler. Next time on Black Butler, "His Butler, Strongest". You see, I am simply one hell of a butler.
  