
  Run faster, damn it! We can't let him get away!
Does Tim even know how hard we worked to steal that thing?!
Let's go get it back!

No one else will have it. This is my ring now.

No, I don't think so. You do not deserve that ring.
The Hope piece is in search of a worthy master, you see.
You do not fit that description.

He jumped off the bridge.
That fool...


- Opening -


His Butler, On Ice


Ladies and gentlemen, gather around.
The frost fair hasn't happened in almost eighty years!
Don't miss your chance!

Impressive. "Frost fair" certainly is an apt title for this.

A large gathering held at the foot of the London Bridge when the Thames freezes over.
From what I'm told it hasn't been held for several decades now.
Not since 1814, apparently.


My lady, please! Slow down a bit!

Careful. You're going to crack the ice if you keep stomping about like that.

Ah!
Please understand, my lady!
If your parents learned that we took a detour, they'll be terribly angry.
I'll be in a lot of trouble...

Hmph!
But Harrods and Liberty were utterly useless! They had nothing to offer!
Hmph!

Ah!

I was joking, it won't crack.

Excuse me, my lady, but there seem to be something specific you've been searching for.
Might I ask what?

Something special.
I need a present for Ciel. It's almost his birthday.
The perfect present, one that will make him happy.
I mean very, very happy!

Ooh! Oh, Lady Elizabeth!
That... that is absolutely adorable!
I understand now, you have my word.
I pledge to help you in whatever way I can in this endeavor!

Thanks, Paula. How sweet.


Well? Any word on Tim?

They found his body in the ice. It appears the ring wasn't on him.

Which means one thing...

Aye. The ring is in the Thames.


Step on up, ladies and gents!
I've got bargains that will blow even Jack Frost away!
Buy something for someone special.

Is there something amusing?

Those good are all of dubious quality.
Funtom should set up a stall; any of our products would be better than what that man is selling.
Like that, there.

Ah, hello there, noble lad! You have a good eye. That piece is one of a kind!
It was manufactured by the Funtom Toy Company years ago back when it was still only just a small craft studio!

No, that is a blatant fake.
The Funtom Arks are rare; only three were ever made.
My predecessor employed the talent of an artist incredibly skilled in his craft.
Since our estate burned down, even we no longer possess one.
One most certainly wouldn't turn up here.

Noah's Ark... You know, it reminds me of this country.

Why is that?

Think about it, it's a boat captained by a single person.
One filled with only the select few who have been chosen to be saved.
Rather arrogant, don't you think?

Is that...?

A Scotland Yard inspector has time to attend the fair...
London must be very peaceful. Today, anyway.

It's not! I'm on duty right now!

Oh. Well, then, I'll leave you to earn your wages in faithful service to the Queen and country.
Good day, Inspector.

Wait, come back!
I have some questions I want to ask you! Ciel!

Pardon me, my master is a touch fragile at the moment. Oh, I mean sensitive.
Perhaps you could try to be a trifle more gentle when you're approaching him.


Now, what is an inspector from the Yard doing here?
What's your business, Abberline?

Murder. A man's corpse was found this morning trapped in the ice on the Thames.
We learned he was a member of a certain criminal organization.
I'm here because Scotland Yard wants to hunt down that man's killer, and we also want to recover a ring that he stole:
a blue diamond, one supposedly worth around 2,000 quid.

The diamond... the ultimate symbol of eternal radiance.
A stone that bewitches all those who see its sparkle.
What man wouldn't be inspired to pursue such an exquisite prize, even knowing all that awaits him is total destruction?

Impossible! How do you know about the Hope piece?!

You're after the Hope piece?

Oh? Interesting. Such a gemstone really does exist?
Oh, my... Ahh...

Wha--? Hold on. But you were saying--

It's best to ignore him. He was blathering.
Anyway, Lau, what in the world are you doing here?

I own this place, my lord. Nice, eh?

Yes, of course you do...

This "Hope piece" you were talking about sounds fascinating, my lord.
Perhaps you could tell me more about it?

Have you never heard of it?
A blue gem known as the Hope Diamond, named after the man whose collection it was a part of, Henry Philip Hope.

Don't know it.

It's passed to Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette... We know how they ended.
The diamond is said to be a cursed stone that brings ruin to all who possess it.
At one point it was stolen, and cut into smaller pieces to disguise it.
Rumor has it that two such pieces still exist.
Those shards of diamond would certainly be valuable.
Tell me Abberline, is that what you're searching for?

The diamond was being moved as evidence. Its carriage was attacked. It was stolen.

Intriguing. Give me details. I would like to lend you a hand with this case.
Of course I can't force you.
But then, if you do decide to refuse me, I can see to it that Sir Arthur finds himself in a rather awkward position.


Ooh, look at these! Aren't they simply wonderful?

No! Those aren't cute at all!

Oh... You... you don't think so? I thought they'd be an adorable gift...
Jingle, jingle!

You don't understand at all, Paula!
Very well, I'll search on my own!

Please, Lady Elizabeth! Give me another chance!
Lady Elizabeth! Please!


You're sure this is the right place?

Yes, it is. He set up shop here because so many people have been freezing to death during the frost fair.

Inspector, you can't be serious... Not him.

Yes, him. You lot can wait right here outside. You are lucky I let you accompany me at all.
Aah!

What a hopeless fool...

One of the privileges of youth, my lord.

So, what is this place?

It's the Undertaker's parlor!
You met him during the Jack the Ripper case, remember?

Oh, right!

Abberline won't last one minute in there.
Sebastian, prepare to--

I assure you, man, you're in the wrong profession.
That was hysterical. You could be a world-renowned comedian.

What did you say to him?

I have no idea. I was just talking to him normally. He began laughing like a madman.

How unexpected. You aren't without talent.

It seems you're a man to be reckoned with. Most interesting.

But, I didn't do anything!

Tell me more about the ring! I want to know it all.
The man you pulled out of the river was the last to have it.

Perhaps it was frozen in the ice near where the body was found.
You are a citizen of our great country, Mr. Undertaker.
Please, give us your help in this matter.

As I said before, I'm profoundly impressed with you, Inspector.
I'll tell you everything. Where is the ring, you ask?
You see, right there!

Ah, it appears that the sculptor must have happened upon the ring and then designed a beautiful ice sculpture to complement it.
Our mystery has been solved.

Collect the ring right now!

Right!

What do you think you're doing, thieves?!

That dear lady will be awarded to the contest's victor.
You wouldn't want to defile her now, would you?

Viscount Lord Druitt!


- Intermission -


They're holding some contest? Why is he a judge?

Yes. Wasn't he just arrested for human trafficking?
What a naughty man.

He was released a few day ago.

Must have paid well.

Excuse me, but this statue is now under the charge of Scotland Yard.

Oh, no! I don't care if you are from Scotland Yard, sir!
The frost fair is an event for our citizens. I will not let you disrupt it!

Just look at her beauty.
Such an exquisitely noble lady. We could never allow her to be violated by anybody.

You're one to talk.

If you insist on possessing this lady, you should offer something of equal beauty.

A well-spoken pronouncement from a true lover of art and beauty!
As he says, if you want this statue, win the contest!

There's merit to your argument.
The ring belongs to whomever is the winner of the contest.
Nice and simple.

Really, Ciel?

Don't worry, Inspector, I'll get the ring.

But it's stolen property!
Not to mention the fact that it's our key evidence in serial kidnappings of young girl-- Ah!

I see, that's why the Yard is frantic to find it.

The legend is true; every person who has owned the ring has met a horrible end!
It's a cursed stone, and you still try to win it?

Cursed, eh?
Then it sounds like the perfect ring for me.

Come to think of it, isn't that family ring you wear set with a pretty blue stone as well, lord?

Yes.

Perhaps you should be careful.
Diamonds are quite hard. Because they're hard, they're also... brittle.
If you go too far, you may be shattered as well.

I'm not concerned.
My body, along with my family ring, both have already been shattered and then reborn.
I've been through too much to worry about that anymore.

Win the contest, that's an order!

Indeed, young master.


It's settled then. Go fill out an entry form.

Seriously?!
Are you an Irish man, aren't you?
We know more than the bloody English about ice and snow!

R-Right!

And if all else should fail...


Welcome one and all to the Thames Frost Fair!
Now it is time for the traditional ice sculpture contest!
You have until 3 p.m.
All right. You may begin sculpting!

Oh, look at that! Something's happening there!
It sounds exciting!

Ciel...

I hate this ring! Take it!

Forgive my master, Lady Elizabeth, but that ring was something very important to him.
It's a precious heirloom passed down to the head of the Phantomhive family.
He's grown quite attached to it; it's truly one-of-a-kind.

I'm sorry, Ciel.
I'm so sorry...
But I'll make it up to you. I'll find you an amazing present!
That Ark, I want it!


And now folks, the judging shall commence!
First up, we have Scotland Yard and Its Merry Men, with their sculpture, "Guardian of London"!
Judges' scores!
One, two, one, one, zero!
For a total of five points!
Next team, whose name is All Women's Dresses Should Be Tiny...
And their entry!
For obvious reasons, this ice sculpture has been disqualified.

But why?

How could you possibly think that was proper to display?!

You know, when they hide bits like that I think it only makes it more erotic...

Win this. You can, right?

Of course I can. You explicitly ordered me to do so, and I exist only to fulfill your orders, my lord.

And next, from the team known as Queen's Puppy, we have "The Ark of Noah"!

What a sculpture! I've never seen it's like!
That is art in its highest form!

An amazing piece! Let's see the total scores.

One moment.
My apologies, but you haven't seen all of the sculpture yet.

Wow!
They look like living animals!

Brilliant! He deliberately made the seam of the roof weak so it would melt and fall apart in time!

Ah! Ahh!
Our ancestor, the brave man who stood fearlessly against the flood of God's wrath: Noah!
He is depicted here with the pairs of animals he was ordered to rescue, awaiting rebirth from the sea.

Astounding work, young man! It's high art!
I declare you an ice sculptor of the highest caliber.

No, sir. You're too kind.
I am simply one hell of a butler.

So, uh, I don't think we're going to beat that.

Damn! Then onto Plan B...

Is everyone ready for the final scores?

Hold it right there!
Hate to break up the party, but this ring is ours. We're taking what belongs to us.

Hold on. That means you're the...

That's right.
We're the team of thieves all of London's been talking about.
Maybe you'll recognize these.
You have ten seconds!
Anyone who doesn't want to die should get the hell out of here.
Ten!

Master.

Nine!

My orders remain the same.
Do it now, Sebastian.

Indeed, young master.

Eight!

What are you doing?! Hurry up, we need to get out of here!

Seven!

You can go if you want to. Don't worry, I'll be fine.

Six!

I can't leave you here!
I joined Scotland Yard to protect our citizens!

Five!

That includes noblemen like you, Ciel!

Four!

What a fool.

Stay back, Inspector.
You only have three seconds left.
A sweet little boy like you, shouldn't you be running away?

I see no need for that. Look behind you.

What the?!

Impossible! He spun four whole times in the air!

A noble swan flying through a world of silvery-white snow!
Lured by that devilish smile, the maiden is enfolded in his midnight black wings.

Ten, ten, ten, ten, ten!
That's it, a perfect score!

Damn you... little brat!
I'm gonna blow you away!
Again?! I hate this guy!

Please, Boss, stop doing that!
Have you forgotten?! Look down! We're standing on top of ice!

Sebastian!

Where is he?

My lord is stubborn as ever.

The ship sails on, leaving human despair behind!
The ship sails on, carrying the future of the world!
The ship sails on, despite the raging flood of icy waters seeking to drown it!
The ship sails on! ♪

It's the Ark! Truly a recreation of Noah's Ark!
We've seen a miracle on the Thames!

Was tossing me about like that really necessary?

My apologies, sir.
But we did have an audience after all.
I thought it might add a bit of a flair to the show.

The Hope Diamond will sleep safely at the bottom of the Thames...
Not a bad end.

But won't it curse all of London now?

Somehow I doubt that will happen.
Besides, if a ring can destroy the city, it wasn't meant to survive.
After all, we Phantomhives have lived on...

Grab my hand, I've got you!

Tell me something.
Earlier, you had accused Noah of being arrogant, but he was only trying to save a few.
Wouldn't the desire to protect everyone be even more arrogant?

Yes, it would seem so.

Ah well, an arrogant fool like that every now and then might not be so bad.

Ciel... Who exactly are you?


What's the matter?

My father... he said this was obviously a fake! It's awful!
I thought... I thought I'd found something to make Ciel happy!

I'm so sorry... Please cheer up!
Here, I have just the thing!
Jingle, jingle, jingle!

Leave me alone!
Ciel, I'm sorry. I just wanted to give you a wonderful gift...


So I thought to myself: "Why not let the Hope Diamond find a new owner on its own, eh, master?"


- Ending -


The ring's stone flickers like a blue abyss, an inescapable promise of death.
Meanwhile, the organ plays a broken melody, its tone faltering.
Listen well, young master: you must not trust bad men...
No, I'm sorry. What I mean was "red" men.

Next time on Black Butler: "His Butler, However You Please."

You see, I am simply one hell of a butler.
  