
  I hate this. There are too many people in London.

There is no helping it, my lord.
It's tradition for the nobility to migrate en masse to town from the country every Season.

The Season, eh? A waste of time, if you ask me.

Getting away from the manor could prove a nice change of pace.
It's a break from those four, at least...
We can enjoy a little peace and quiet for a time.

Some peace and quiet does sound nice.

Goodness's sake! Where do they keep the tea in this house?

I can't find it either...

Don't be silly! Of course it's not in there. Oh!

Madam Red?! Lau?! What are you here?!

Ciel, you're early, dear.

Your sudden appearance here in town must mean...

The Queen's guard dog has a new scent to follow.


- Opening -


His Butler, Capricious


He struck again, another prostitute was found gruesomely murdered in Whitechapel.
These killings are far from normal.
The level of violence we're seeing is unprecedented.

The most recent victim was a woman named Mary Ann Nichols.
It appears a special type of blade was used on her.
She was torn up beyond recognition.

The murderer's distinctive style of killing has earned him a unique nickname from the press: "Jack the Ripper."

A frightening name, eh?

That's why I'm here earlier than expected.
I hurried into town to look into the situation for myself.

But are you sure you'll be brave enough to stomach the crime scene?

What do you mean by that?

The sight of the dismembered body will certainly be horrific.
And one can only imagine the stench. Blood and gore everywhere.
Surely it would more than enough to drive some men mad.
Are you prepared to see such a thing?
You're just a young boy after all.

I am the head of the Phantomhives in service to my Queen. Don't ask foolish questions.

You're right. So sorry.


Sorry, my boy. I'm afraid a crime scene like this is no place for a child.
Now why don't you just run along home?

I'm here to see the victim's body.

The body?! Surely you're kidding me!

Abberline!
Well, if it isn't Lord Phantomhive? What are you doing here?

You know this kid, sir?

I'm here to help, Sir Arthur. Seems your investigation is dragging a bit.
You know who sent me, of course.
It seems you haven't found any major clues yet.

We at Scotland Yard are more than capable of handling this case, I assure you.
There's no need for you interfere.

Splendid. Shall we go, Sebastian?

Yes, sir.

Now what, dear?

Now we go see someone who may prove useful.

My lord! You mean...

Yes, indeed.

So... where are we?

You don't know?! Then what was all that about?!

It's a funeral parlor run by an acquaintance of my lord's.

"The Undertaker"?

If we're looking for answers, this is the place.

Welcome.
I thought I'd be seeing you before long.
My lord, it's so lovely to see you.
Do I finally have the pleasure of fitting you for one of me coffins today?

No, that isn't I am here... I wanted to--

No need to say, I'm already aware. Very well aware.
One of my recent customers was a bit unusual, shall we say.
I helped though, I made her look beautiful again.

I would like the details, please.

I see now, so the funeral parlor is only your cover business.
How much is it for information?

I have no need for the Queen's coins, there's only one thing I want from you!
Please, my lord, give it to me and I'll tell you anything!
Give me the extraordinary gift of true laughter!
Just one joke and all the information is yours!

Lunatic...

Leave it to me, my lord.
Here is my joke. It's a classic. On which side does a tiger have the most stripes? On the outside!
Get it? Haha? Haha...

My turn.
I live for gossip, so this story will make you laugh so hard you'll simply curl up and die.
So Alice's beau gave her the most extraordinary [CENSORED] for her birthday.
It was [CENSORED] wide and so [CENSORED] with thick veins running down the sh[CENSORED] [CENSORED] [STATIC]--

Now, my lord, it looks like you're the only one left.
I gave you a special discount last time, but I'm not gonna do it again.

It can't be helped.

Sebastian?

Hmph!

Everyone please wait outside.
No matter what happens, do not attempt to listen to this.

Please do come back in now. I believe he will tell us everything we want to know.

Oh my... I've now seen the face of ultimate bliss...

An interesting pattern I'm seeing these days.
I often get customers who are incomplete.

Incomplete?

Yes... the uterus is missing, which is quite odd.
The killer makes a big mess of the body, but that particular part is always precisely excised.

He did it on a road that was public, though not high traffic.
Wouldn't an amateur have a difficult time carrying out such a complicated procedure quickly enough?

You're a clever one, butler. That is exactly what I was thinking.
You see, first he slits her throat with a sharp weapon, then he rips into it right here... and takes that precious womanly part.
There will be more slain, I'm certain.
Sadistic killers like this one don't stop until someone makes them.
Will you stop him? Can you sniff him out, like a good little guard dog?

I'm bound by the honor of my family.
I will eliminate any threat the Queen asks me to... by any means I find necessary.


His information narrows down our suspects.

First of all, we look at those with the necessary skill set.
Crossing out anyone with an alibi for the nights on which the murders occurred.
Removal of the organs would suggest some kind of gruesome ritual.
We should concentrate our investigation on people involved with secret societies.

As if that narrow the field!
Why, even I would have the medical skills necessary for this!
Besides which, the Season is ending soon.
Any doctors who followed the nobles to the city will be returning to the country, and then what--

Then we'll have to conclude the investigation quickly.

Impossible.

I should be able to do this much at least.
Otherwise, what kind of butler would I be?
I'll make up a list of viable suspects and begin questioning them for you immediately, my lord.
Now, if you'll excuse me...

He knows that we're moving, right?!

Sebastian will take care of it for now. We can head home and have a cup of tea while we wait.


Welcome back, everyone. I have awaited your return.

Your afternoon tea is ready for you in the drawing.

Hold on! How are you here?!

I finished up that little errand, so I made my way home to edify you.

You made the suspect list already?

Well...
Yes, I made a list of names based on what we had discussed, and then I contacted them all then I asked them the relevant questions.

Come now, Sebastian, that's impossible even for you.

Richard Oswald, doctor of the Duke of Bailey was at the White Horse pub with his friends.
He has no connection to secret societies.
Madam Heavitt, surgeon at the Royal London Central Hospital was at the Stipple Inn.
She has no connection to secret societies.
William Somerset, doctor to the Earl Chambers was at a party hosted by the Viscount Harwood.
From this information, I have narrowed down our list to one possible suspect.

Are you certain you're just a butler?
Not a secret military intelligence officer?

See, my lady, I am simply one hell of a butler.


The Viscount Druitt, also known as Aleister Chambers...
He graduated from medical school, but has never gone into practice.
Lately he's thrown several parties at his home.
But behind the scenes at these same soirees are secret gatherings that only his intimates may attend.

I've heard that he's into black magic and those occult sorts of things.

So your suspicion is that he's holding these parties to perform ritualistic sacrifices of local prostitutes?

Tonight is the last party of the Season.
Which means this is our last chance.


- Intermission -


Ciel will be my niece visiting from the country, and Sebastian will be Ciel's tutor.

And just why do I have to act like your niece?!

Because, dear, I've always wanted a girl.

You're kidding me!

You don't want them to know you're a Phantomhive now, do you?
Besides, I've heard that Lord Druitt has an eye for any pretty little thing in a skirt, and we do want to catch his eye, right?

"By any means necessary," you do remember saying that, do you not, sir?
First thing's first, we need to locate this murderous viscount.

At least Elizabeth isn't here. I would never want her seeing me like this...

Oh, that dress is so adorable!
I adore all the dresses here! They're lovely!

Se-S-S-S-S...

Sir... er, I mean, mistress, please calm down.
Let's move quickly...

Oh!
You in the pink, your dress is just beautiful!

Moving this way now.

Where is she?

This isn't good. I didn't expect her here...

If someone was to see the head of my family dressed this way...

The Phantomhive name would be ruined for generations.

Let's go join Madam Red.

You are such a dear.

Looks like she's having a grand old time...

There!

Come this way, my young mistress.

You there. That young lady over there requires lemonade.

Yes, certainly, Sir.
Lemonade, my lady?

Why do these things always happen to me?

Lord Druitt looks as gorgeous as ever tonight. His hair shines like the sun!

That's the Viscount Druitt.
Let's go.

Yes.

Damn... I'll never get close to him.

We have no choice. We'll have to dance our way over to the viscount.

You really expect me to dance in public?!
And with you?!

You already know, young master, that I'm one hell of a dancer.
Besides, as your tutor, propriety allows me to dance with you at a public function such as this one.

Do... Do I have to...?

Shall we dance now, young mistress?

We cut across like so...

How could you become exhausted so easily, my lady?

Your dancing is exquisite like a lovely little robin, my sweet lady.

Young mistress, allow me to fetch you something to drink.

Uh... Uh, good evening, my Lord Druitt.

I do hope you're enjoying the party... dear robin.

Oh, yes, certainly. It's a wonderful party, but...
My lord, I've been waiting to speak with you all evening.

Oh?

I'm bored to death of dancing and eating.

What a spoiled princess you are, little robin.
Looking for something more entertaining?

Endure it... Ciel, you can do this...
You have no choice now.
After all those horrible, horrible lessons, you can handle it!
You know of other amusements?
I'd be most interested.

Of course. I'd be happy to show them to you, robin, my sweet little thing.

When this is all over, I swear I'm going to kill this creep!
Oh really, like what?
I have to find out his secret before this dance is over.
What? She sees me!

You want to know?

Yes, I'm simply dying to, my lord.
If Elizabeth comes this way, I'm doomed.

You might be a bit young yet.

Hurry!
Now don't tease me, my lord, I'm a lady, not a little girl.
Hurry...
The dance is over!
She's coming!

What has you so distracted, my delightful butterfly?
Uh... it's nothing, my lord...
This is it, my life is over!

Ladies and gentlemen, if everyone would all please gather round, this evening's magic show will now begin.
Pardon me, sir, would you kindly assist me?

Assist you? Certainly.

I don't recall ordering any parlor tricks this evening...

Now's my chance!
My lord, I've seen more than enough parlor tricks. Can we go, please?
Ugh, this is awful!

Yes, anything for you, my sweet.
Right this way, dear.

A normal cabinet. Once I've climbed inside, shut it tightly and bind it with these chains.
Then, simply run it through with the swords.
I shall emerge perfectly unharmed.
This is no mere trick or illusion.
Prepare for a performance of true magic.

Well, here goes nothing.

Amazing! True magic!

Bravo!

Sebastian, how incredible!

Indeed! For a moment there, I worried that I killed you.

It actually hurt more than expected.
I didn't think you'd aim straight for my head.
Anyone else would have died.

So, what's the trick to it, anyway?

You stabbed him that many times without knowing?!

Like I told you: there were no tricks or illusions -- just magic.


We're going to somewhere I'm sure you'll find very amusing. I know I do.
Please.

What is that smell? It's suffocating.
Damn him...

See, aren't you enjoying yourself... little robin?


S-Sebastian!

Please hold on a little longer, sir. You can do it.

That's it, you're going to kill me!

I doubt any woman has ever been killed by a corset alone.


And now, what you've all been waiting for: tonight's crown jewel.
I'm sure she'd make a lovely decoration, or sweet little pet.
You can keep her whole and healthy.
Or sell her for parts, if you'd like to.
Her eyes are two different colors, but for the discerning collector, that will add to her a unique attraction.

A black market auction?

The bidding shall begin momentarily.

So that's what he was doing.
He removes the prostitutes' organs and sells them at his parties?

We'll start at a thousand guineas.

2000!
3000!
3500!
5000!

Sebastian, come get me now.

What's this?!

Really, sir...
Are you good for nothing but getting yourself captured?
How sad.

As long as the contract remains in place, you'll follow me everywhere, whether I ask you to or not, won't you?

This type of contract is sealed by a mark a demon places on his prey.
The more noticeably placed the mark is, the tighter the demon and prey are bound to one another.
The demon serves...

...and in exchange, the prey can never escape.

Yes, I will be with you anywhere, until the end.
I shall be at your side, no matter what.
Even should I perish in this world, I'll still be there -- in the very depths of Hell, my lord.
This is how I differ from humans; I do not lie.

Good. You will never lie to me, no matter what. Understood?

Yes, my young lord.

I suppose this solves the Jack the Ripper case.
Well that was easier than I had expected.

I imagine Scotland Yard will be here before much longer.
We should take our leave.
Well, miss, are you ready?

I could have sworn I saw something up there...
I guess I was wrong.


"Jack the Ripper Strikes Again"?

So the viscount wasn't our man after all.


- Ending -


At last, we're finally about to solve the serial prostitute murders.
Who is this mysterious perpetrator Jack the Ripper, and what does he want?
I have a feeling the answers to those questions will come as quite a shock to my poor master.
He is still a naive child after all.
When we've wrapped everything up, I'll have to make him a nice soothing dessert to take his mind off things.

Next time on Black Butler: "His Butler, Chance Encounter."

You see, I am simply one hell of a butler.
  