
  - Opening -


His Butler, Phantom Image


So, young master, you wanted to speak with us about something?

Yes, I have a little  job for the three of you to take care of.

J

O

B?!

So we didn't have to worry!

When he called us, I thought for sure we were fired, yes I did!

Ho ho ho.

This is a camera from the famous Talbot collection.
It has a story behind it.
It had been missing from the collection all together for some time.
When it suddenly came up for auction, I bid immediately.

Who's Talbot?

Full name, William Henry Fox Talbot.
Let's see...
He was a renowned English scientist and one of the inventors of photographic technology.
There were some strange rumors about the last camera he used, the one our young master has acquired.
Legend has it that if you use this camera to photograph someone, whomever or whatever that person cares about most in the world will appear in the photograph as well...

Oh, my! That sounds too incredible to be true!

Can such a camera really exist, or is it just a rumor?

Perhaps we should take a picture and find out.
Don't move; the exposure takes ten seconds.

Uh, what exactly is "exposure"?

Basically, the camera is copying down an image of Finny.

Stay still, or the image will blur and we won't get a good picture.
8, 9, 10... all done.
You didn't have to hold your breath the whole time.

Wow! Look at that, it's my bird!

Huh? Since when do you have a pet bird?

Oh, it's so cute!

I gave it food every day, eventually it started eating out of my hand.
I was so happy. I went to give it a gentle pat, and...
My little friend never moved again...

Are you saying that he...?!

Ho.
Oh yes, I forgot to mention something.
The camera has one other unique attribute: the new soul that it will show is not of this world.
To put it plainly, the dead appear.

The dead?

You mean ghosts?!

You can see why I would be so interested in this camera.
Not only does it know who you care for the most, but it reaches into the other world to photograph them.

This is the nineteenth century! Surely nobody believes a story like that now!

That sounds amazing! What an incredible camera, master!

I miss my poor little birdie!

Take a picture of Sebastian with this camera.
But do it discreetly. I don't want him to know what you're up to.

You want us to take a candid photo?

That's right.

Really?! The photograph will show us who Sebastian cares for most?!

That's something I'd like to see.

Bloody right, Finny!
He's always bossin' us around and mockin' my artistic cookin' methods!
He's as human as we are! He's got to have at least a weakness or two!
And now's our chance to see 'em!

You'll handle it?

As you wish, young master!

Yeah, that was a pretty good impression, am I right?

Just like him!

There's no telling what will appear if we take a picture of him with this camera.
This should be interesting.


Let's see. At this time of day, he's in the library.

He needs to stay still!

For full ten seconds, yes.

I hope this works.

He's fast!

He's so fast I can't even see him!

Damn, we'll never get that photo!

Look, he stopped.

Great, let's go!

I forgot to take a picture.

He's so wonderful to watch!

And next... he'll straighten up every room.

Look ooooooooooooooooout!

And after that, he'll work on records in the office.

Come in.

Yes. Did you need something, master?

It came undone.

Of course, my lord.

He's beautiful in profile too, yes he is!

All right, now just stay there...

4, 5, 6...

Let's air this room out a bit, shall we?

This is turnin' out to be a lot of harder than we thought it would...
Gettin' one measly photograph shouldn't be so tough.

There you are, I have a task for the three of you.

What is it, Sebastian?

Over there.

The mangy pooch? What do you want us to do?

We will be receiving a guest this afternoon.
That thing is offensive. You are to transfer it out of sight before the guest arrives.

He's kind of a big fellow. Where should we put him?

I'll let you three figure that out.

Oi, we've got own jobs to take care of too, you know.

You do have until this afternoon. I'm sure you can take care of it between your other tasks.
Maybe now I can do my own job without interruption.

Plu-Plu, c'mere!
Off you go!

Oh wow, now there's a surprise! Who knew Pluto could breathe fire?

Well, that's a demon hound for ya.
Hold on, we don't have time for standing around!

Ho ho ho...


Honestly, what's taking them so long?

Something wrong?

No, it's nothing. I think I'll take my supper in here today.

Of course, my lord.


- Intermission -


They couldn't handle one simple task.
I'm beginning to think those three would be more useful as dog food.
How lovely...
A lithe, supple body... and paws... such soft paws.
Ah. Cats are perfect.

(whimpers)

Interrupted again? Can a butler get no peace around here?


We're so sorry, master!

B-But Bard thought of a really good plan, yes he did!

The idea came to me earlier when I saw the dog breathe fire.

I hope this new plan doesn't involve a flamethrower.

My lord, hello.

Oh, it's Mr. Lau!

And what are you doing here?

I heard what you were up to. I thought I might assist.

Go away.

My lord, please don't be so hasty. Why not relax and leave this up to me?
I have already woven a spider's web to trap him.
And the more he tries to struggle, the more entangled he'll become; escape is impossible.
Against me, no prey stands a chance. It is only a matter of time.

Very well.
But I will not tolerate any failure. Is that understood?

Yes, of course, my lord.
I would not allow failure to sully the Phantomhive name.
I would surely be booted out the country if I did such a thing.
So, what are you up to?


Welcome, sir.

Hello, I'm the writer from Brit Business. Paul Jones, sir.

Indeed, Mr. Jones.
We've been awaiting your arrival. If you would follow me inside.

Now, a plan begins.

That was your big plan?

Quite odd. How could it have failed?
Just look at her, my lord. I was sure even the butler would stop a moment to stare...

I was a fool for ever believing you could handle something like this!

I have only begun to fight.

Not her! Now where is Sebastian?

Coming, sir?

O-Oh, yes, of course!

How strange. I don't understand.

What a spectacular waste of time that was.


If I may, sir, allow me to introduce Funtom's general director, Tanaka.

Ho ho ho.

I'll start in on my questions then.

What's wrong? Why is he in there all by himself?
Is he sulking or something?

He said he wanted to take a little time to think things over alone.

He seems to be taking this quite seriously.

We need him to stand still for ten full seconds...
This is the one thing I didn't want to resort to, but he has left me with no other choice!

And now, could you please tell me about Funtom's business strategy moving forward.

Ho ho ho...

Huh?

Allow me to explain.
Currently we are focusing on toys and confections, but we intend to expand into other areas as well.

Ho...

As I was saying, sir!

Oh, yes!

The company is working on plans to build outlets across Europe.
We'll begin with branches in Paris, Vienna, Berlin, Rome, Amsterdam, and Athens.
We intend to expand into thirty countries over the next five years, including those in North America.

Ho ho ho.

We'll also build a confections factory in Provence in the south of France and a toy factory in Salzburg in Austria.
This will ensure that an ample supply of our goods is available.

Ho ho ho.

We at the Funtom Company always strive to maintain and improve the quality of goods and services supplied to our customers.
No item leaves one of ours factories without first being subjected to numerous quality assurance tests!
Only then can a product bear the name "Funtom"!

Ho ho ho.

Our motto is "The Customer Always Comes First"!
Our delivery system allows us to arrive at your business, all residents, product in hand in record time, however remote the location!
Customer satisfaction is guaranteed, that is the Phantomhive way!
See?
That's everything.

Ho ho ho.

Thank you very much.
But before I go, I would like to get a photograph, if I may...

Photo?

I'd like to have you in the shot, too.

I'm afraid I must decline. You see, I am simply one hell of a butler.


Today we are serving Demon Hound Bean Cakes manufactured in Houndsworth.

Why are you serving me this rubbish?

Bard and the others purchased quite a few of them.

How was the interview this afternoon?

I only wish that you could have been there, my lord.
Tanaka was really quite extraordinary.

That's good. A distinguished old man makes a suitable face for the company.

Yes. The interviewer deigned to take a photograph before he left.

Did he?

Apparently, portrait photos are all the rage among the nobles lately.

Are they?

I know, young master.
Why not try your hand at it yourself?

No.


It's almost time.
Let's go.

Are you sure this is okay?

Yes.

I don't know...

Do it, Finny!

Right!
Look out, sir!

What a charming picture the two of you make.

You're late.

My apologies, sir. I was making dinner preparations.
For the entree this evening we will have Canard a la Rouennaise.

That's nice.

You could have just told me to pose for a picture.

What?!

Had you ordered me to, I would've had no choice but to do so.

I don't know what you mean...


We finally got the photo!

At last we'll see the fruits of our hard day's labor.

The young master will be happy, yes he will!

Okay, I can almost make it out.

(growling)

Plu-Plu?

What's wrong, Pluto?!

I wonder what all the noise is about. Do you know, my lord?

(panting) (bark! bark!)

Good.
My lord has outdone himself.
That was an elaborate piece of mischief he concocted.
You do know you're sleeping outside.

(whines)

Excuse me, lord. We should prepare for your bed.
Falling asleep, slumped in your desk chair... How irresponsible of you.
But typical, I suppose...
Once again, you've given me unnecessary work.

(howl)


Whoa.

Sebastian's in the picture!

That means the young master cares most about Sebastian!
That is how Tanaka said the camera works, right?

Interesting...

Aww, they're good friends!

That makes the master my rival... What'll I do?

Hey, it's Plu-Plu!

Huh?
Hold on just a second. That means...

Does this mean Sebastian's in the picture because the one who cares most about him is Pluto?!

I don't know.

Or is it the young master like we thought at first?!

Which one?!


I'm honored, master.

Oh, shut up.

It's your own fault for falling asleep so defenselessly like that.

How dare you!

The image in the photograph isn't real; only an illusion.
But... that is humanity's way, seeking vainly to preserve the image because you fear that one day it may be forgotten.


Hold on a second. I thought the images the Talbot camera showed were only things like my dead bird...
Wait... if that's true, then why is Sebastian in the photograph?

Finny!

Plu-Plu!
Well, who cares!


- Ending -


The season has arrived for the annual frost fair on the River Thames.
My master claims to be "inspecting the market," but in truth I know he's enjoying himself immensely.
Watching his innocent, childish joy makes my heart feel positively tepid.
No, wait, warm. Yes, yes, I mean warm.

Next time on Black Butler: "His Butler, On Ice."

You see, I am simply one hell of a butler.
  