
Narrator: Wealth, fame, power... Gold Roger, the King of the Pirates obtained this and everything else the world had to offer. And his dying words drove countless souls to the seas.
Gold Roger: You want my treasure? You can have it! I left everything I gathered together in one place! Now you just have to find it!
Narrator: These words lured men to the Grand Line in pursuit of dreams greater than they've ever dared to imagine! This is the time known as "The Great Pirate Era"!

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 
(Episodes 1-47)

Come aboard, and bring along
All your hopes and dreams
Together we will find everything
That we're looking for

ONE PIECE!

Compass left behind
It'll only slow us down
Your heart will be your guide
Raise the sails, and take the helm

That legendary place
That the end of the map reveals
Is only legendary
'Till someone proves it real

Through it all, through all the troubled times
Through the heartache, and through the pain
Know that I will be there to stand by you
Just like I know you'll stand by me!

So come aboard, and bring along
All your hopes and dreams
Together we will find everything
That we're looking for

There's always room for you
If you wanna be my friend
We are, we are, on the cruise!

WE ARE!



 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:2:&lt;h1&gt; 
(Episodes 31-63)

All that's in my heart confuses me,
I cannot understand,
As I face what I must do,
I'll say goodbye and squeeze your hand.

I'll set sail alone,
But always now I'm gonna keep you near,
As I drift away,
I pray you watch me as I disappear.

As I watch the sunrise,
I began to wonder,
What could be the reason, It's so hot inside.

No answer has come,
But I can't get away from what's true,
It's because of you...

Show me how to catch those feelings,
Get 'em to come back to me,
I'll do what I must,
Because they're everything I wanna be.

Wrap these arms around my dreams
And pull 'em back from yesterday,
If I'm holding hands with you,
I'm sure that we can make the way.


Source:
onepiece.wikia.com/wiki/We_Are! 
onepiece.wikia.com/wiki/RUN!_RUN!_RUN!
