
  Did you know, there's an awesome treasure hidden at the end of the sea? And anyone who finds it will be King of the Pirates. Is that exciting or what? There are incredible adventures out there just waiting for us.


 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 



Is what they said about this ghost ship fallen from the sky really true?

I don't buy it.

But if Navarone is supposed to be this great impregnable fortress, how else could one little pirate ship have gotten in here if it didn't fall from the sky?

I heard that there wasn't a single crew member on board.

Huh? What the--?

But the table was set for coffee and it was still warm like people had been there until that exact moment. But that's not all... Inside the cargo hold...

They found gold?!

Shh! They found gold, all right. Ancient gold, dug up from some old ruins somewhere.

I don't know about you, guys, but that's the creepest story I've ever heard.

So... so, it's a ghost ship?

Those poor saps must've been cursed for stealing all that gold.


Attention, units 4, 6 and 10 under Lieutenant Commander Drake! Assume battle stations for Yellow Alert and stand by! I repeat! Assume battle stations for Yellow Alert and stand by!

I don't care what kind of ship it is. Nobody picks a fight with our fortress.

Hurry it up!

Commanding officers of units 4, 6 and 10 are to report to Control Room One in the central building immediately!

Who do these guys think they are?

I think I know where we are. And it isn't good. If I'm right, I hope I'm not, then we landed right in the middle of the invincible fortress the Marines call Navarone. So, what's our next move, Captain?
As usual, our Captain could care less.

On the double, men! This is an emergency order!


We'll moor the pirate ship to Dock 88 and run a full forensic sweep.

We have a situation! Sir, some marine vessels outside the Sea Gate are demanding entry!

Demanding?!

Since we're in a state of emergency, I advised them to stay on by, but--

Sir, we barely made it out that storm in one piece! Please, allow us to dock! I don't know how much longer we can stay afloat!

I don't care how badly their ships are damaged! There's a possibility that pirates have infiltrated this fortress! So, they have to find help elsewhere. If we let them in now, it'll cause confusion--

Open the gate.

Huh?

Permit their entry. And immediately assign a medical team to them as well.

Yes, sir!

Commander!

What a terrible thing it is to be helpless in the middle of the Grand Line. Even someone like you can understand that feeling, can't you, Lieutenant Commander?

Of course, I understand...

To tell you the truth, it's been quite some time since I've gotten riled up about anything. They can't get out of the fortress, so the problem becomes finding them. But why did they even come to Navarone in the first place? Monkey D. Luffy...


We got ships coming in!

Proceed with caution! We are now at Red Alert!

Ready the boarding inspection bridge!


This base is huge...
Anyway, where the hell am I? I'm lost!

Who decided that this fortress should also be a maze?! It's so big, I can't map it out! We have to get out of here. And soon! But the more time that passes, the more lost I get!
Now, where are all the others gone?
Huh?! No way! What in the world is that thing?! Geez, it's enormous!
Hey, where's the Merry? The Going Merry's gone! What did they do with our ship?! And where's our gold?! Our precious gold is gone! Gold, gold, gold, gold... After we went through so much to get it...
Battleships? They weren't here before...

You must be Unit 31! Report to the building in Block 7!

Hmm... If there are new ships coming in, it means that this place isn't a gigantic lake after all! It is connected to the open sea! All right! Now I just gotta find the guys and take back the Going Merry. If I get somehow go undercover as one of them, I can find the guys and gather more information!

Where is it?

Luffy and Zoro are known by almost everybody in the Marines, but nobody knows what I look like!

I bet this is it.

Ahh, crap!

This fortress has a terrible layout!

It's like a maze!

Excuse me, do you know where the kitchen is?

What?... Oh, the kitchen! Of course! I know right where it is!

We just arrived on the battleships down there.

And, of course the first thing we do is get lost.

I'm sorry to hear that. I got lost a lot when I first came here, but that must've been at least 5 years ago.

5 years you say?

Uh huh.

Please, take us to the kitchen. We beg you. It would be such an embarrassment if we had to ask any of the cooks here for help.

Maybe I can just say no...

We just came from Marie Jois. It wouldn't hurt you to do us one little favor?

But, well, that wouldn't help me either!

Please, say you'll help us.

Oh, sure! No problem!
So, do you two know anything about our little fortress?

My brother and I know much of the culinary arts but nothing about this fortification.

As a matter of fact, we are marine chefs of some renown.

Wow! Celebrity chefs?!

My brother and I have been assigned to take over as head-chefs of this kitchen.

On Marie Jois, we satisfied the palates of generals who expect nothing but the finest. We brothers are far from the kind of cooks who excrete insignificant meals on a boat in ze middle of nowhere. And we must prove to them that we are in a different league.

Oh, give me a break! I gotta ditch these guys and find a disguise right now or we'll never get out of here!
Well, I guess that attitude makes you guys the best! Now, all you have to do is go straight ahead and take a right, when take two lefts and your first right and you'll be there!

Merci.

Okay.

See ya.

Wait. Is this the first right? Hm?

Huh?

This'll do just fine.


Roronoa Zoro... That so-called "ghost ship" actually belongs to Straw Hat Luffy and his crew. We have been given a secret mission to track down and apprehend the infiltrators. Among them is one who is considered to be extremely dangerous.

You mean the Roronoa Zoro?

The great swordsman who used to be feared as a pirate hunter? Doesn't he use the Three Swords Style?

Well, we're gonna make him and his friends regret ever coming here.

You're gonna make me regret what?
Agh! I'm definitely going in circles.

How can you just stroll around a hostile fortress?!

I am so gonna kick your--
Oh, hey, Nami.

You got caught in no time if you keep walking around wearing those things! Ahh!

Hey!

You probably get me caught, too!
Come on, Zoro! You gotta hide, now!

Hey, wait! My swords! No!

About time to eat, huh?

Yeah. I'm starving.

All right. They're gone.

Ah! I'm tired of all this sneaking around. Tell me again, why we can't just fight them?

You idiot! We don't know where the others are! If we did something like--

Then they would show up, right?

Hey, now! There's an idea... No! No, no! The Merry is missing, too!

Calm down, would you? No need to shout.
Whoa! Would you check out that view? We landed into dark, so I didn't get to see much. Nice! Hey, I bet if we wait here, the others will show up eventually.

Stop being so stupid and listen to me! What you're gonna do is stay put! 'Cause if you go anywhere or do anything, you're just gonna get lost!

Hey, stop that! What do you think you're doing?!

I'll put this in simple terms for you, okay? You have no sense of direction, so I'm gonna find the others. After that I'll come back for you--

Hey, you! What are you doing over there?!

Oh, no! Game over!

Enough with the slacking off, little missy! Now, get back to cleaning!

Aye-aye, sir!


I tell you what: all those ghost ship shenanigans really got me beat.

Better get some chow! Get back to work!

Ghost ship, huh?

Did you find us something to eat?

It sounds like the dining hall is that way.

Dining hall!

Hold on a second!

What are you doing?!

Take it easy!

But my belly needs meat now!

I need... meat now!

You just won't give up.

Who's there?! Halt!
Huh?

Strange...

Just hearing things.

It's no wonder. We've all been on edge since yesterday.

Let's get some grub.

We'd almost gotten caught because of you, you dolt!

They'll never find us now, 'cause we're gonna blend in, like chameleons of the kitchen.

Something smells good.

I guess this is it. Couldn't be interesting.


Hey, I heard that a couple of battleships docked today.

What?! That means those pompous brothers will have arrived then!

Yep! As a matter of fact, they should be here any minute.

First impressions are important. Show no mercy!


Meat! I smell meat!

Keep it togeher, man! Haven't you ever heard the term 'self-control'?

Self-co-what? Never heard of it. Have you ever heard of the terms "all-you-can-eat meat" and "unlimited refills"?

Hey! Luffy!

Meat, meat!

Huh?

So, you're the new chefs. Well, are you the Murray Brothers or what?

Murray?...

Ah, man!

Hi!

So, you are those arrogant fancy-pants cooks from Marie Jois.

Huh?

You're the guys who said that you were doing us a favor by coming out to this crap fortress in the boonies.

And you said that we were excreting insignificant meals!

You've sure got a lot of nerve!

This entire kitchen is mistaking us for some other guys.

I don't know what you're complaining about! And I don't care! Feed me! Give me food!

So, you're here.

Huh?

The world-famous kitchen snobs who made million-Berry meals every night for all the big shots over in Marie Jois.
I don't care that Headquarters sent you. This is the most sacred place in all of Navarone. And if I don't approve of you, you will never set foot in here again! Do I make myself clear?

Yeah! Ha-ha!
Tell them how it is, Jessica!

There are no less than 1000 brave marines stationed at this stronghold. And we show our respect to each and everyone of them by preparing their meals with all our might. So they could stay strong. In order for us to achieve this great feat, we work day and night. And we never, even for an instant, lose focus. We're not like those cooks who depend on expensive food. We rely on skill.

Please, tell me I can eat those!

Around here we can't forget that great food comes from a special place in all our hearts.

In other words, you would presume to tell me what real cooking is, right?

No, I'm not trying to say anything quite as dramatic as that. I just want you and your brother to show us that pride you talked so much of. I'll give anyone a chance to prove themselves no matter how pretentious they might be. However, there will be trouble if I think you lack anything at all in skill or attitude. Let me make this clear, unless you satisfy me, you will never be able to call yourselves cooks in Navarone!

I see, that sounds like a challenge, Mademoiselle.

What is it? What's going on?

Well, it looks like the cooks are gonna have a cooking fight.

I gotta see this. Is that the chef that came from headquarters?

You are allowed to use any ingredients you like. The rules are simple: each will prepare meals for 100 people and the marines themselves will decide the contest winner.

Whoa! I have no idea what's going on, but it sounds exciting!

Start whenever you're ready.

We can't lose this one, boys. Cook as if your life depended on it.

We'll cook using only the best parts of the ingredients we got!

Huh?

Is he admiting defeat by not preparing anything?

Finished!
100 meals.
You like that?

This food looks so good!

Keep your hands off!

Of course, we normally prepare 1000 servings of each meal.

And we're fast, like sharks darting for prey!

That is the essence of being a chef here!

How terribly wasteful you all are.

What's that guy up to?

It... can't be!

No way!

He's using all our leftover parts! Whoa...

Pulverize the tuna's bones along with its head. Next, mix in the guts. Add veggie scraps and roll the paste into balls. Then they'll be deep-fried. Boil in fat trimmed from the meat until it becomes soft and tender. Provides the perfect complement to a sauce made from shellfish. The bitterness of the guts whets the appetite, and the powerful flavor gives new life to a tired body. This brings us to the preparation of the vegetable dish. The skins of burdock roots and potatoes contain more vitamins and minerals than their insides, witch makes them an ideal nutrient source. Finally, broccoli stems can be used to create a soft, sweet-scented dressing. Voila! Cuisine à la carte!
This is a battlefield, right? It's important that the food taste good. But more imortant than that is making sure your food stores last. It doesn't matter if you spend a thousand Barries or a million. You should never waste even a single scrap of food. It is our duty as cooks to utilize every bit of our ingredients with love and skill, just like loving everything about a lady. A wise old geezer once taught me that.

I've never tasted anything so good!

This is delicious!

Amazing!

How stupid of us! We tried to impress the famous cook and he turned around and beat us at working-class cuisine! We did exactly what we shouldn't have--we tried to show off!

The food in Navarone is different from the food prepared for the officers. It's food for marines who live day to day! That was Jessica's belief, anyway.

To think that we, the cooks at Navarone, were picky about the ingredients...

Eighty-six! Eighty-seven! Eighty-eight!

Hm?

Eighty-nine! Ninety! Ninety-one! Ninety-two! Ninety-three! Ninety-four! Ninety-five! Ninety-six! Ninety-seven! Ninety-eight!

Incredible! Have you guys ever seen anyone with such an insatiable appetite for the food we've made?

Ninety-nine! One hundred!

Huh?!

Are you okay?

What's wrong?!

Just hang in there!

Superb! Man, I'm stuffed! Satisfied!

Let's go.

Yeah. I guess it is about time we leave, huh?
Thanks for all the food! Sure was good.

If it had been up to me, I never would've battled a woman as beautiful as you. Until we meet again, Mademoiselle...

Hold it.

Hm? Did you think there's something else for me to eat?

Were you planning on leaving me humiliated like this? I won't stand for it. I like your spirit and your appetite. As a right now, you two are part of the team.

Yeah!

My sweet Jessica! Oh, thank you.


If there's one think fishing teaches, it is patience.

Patience. Right, sir. A valuable attribute. They may be ignorant pirates, but don't you think they would be hiding somewhere a little less conspicuous? This place is in plain sight of everything.

There are some who would choose to hide when there's no possibility of escape. But among pirates of that caliber it is certain there'll be one or two find the act of hiding cowardly.

Do you think so?

Hm... Well, it looks like we have our first catch of the day.

Huh?


Stupid navigator! Doesn't she understand that a swordsman needs his swords?
So close... No!

Nami's got it comin'!

Welcome to Navarone!
A fine catch, indeed...


What's going on here?

Beats me!

--ENDING--

Ah, you stupid moss-head!
What'd you say?
Getting caught wasn't part of the plan! You know what, forget it! You stay there and cool out for a while.
Where's everyone else? Am I the only one who knows that kind of dire straits we're in?
Chopper! This is no time to be playing doctor in the infirmary!


On the next One Piece:

"Captured Zoro!
Chopper's Emergency Operations!"

I'm gonna be King of the Pirates!
  