
  ※　Characters distinguished by different colors.






Hey moptop!

Sir!

What do they call you, maggot?

Armin Arlert from Shiganshina, sir!

Wow, seriously why would your parents curse you with such a dumb name?

It was my grandfather, sir!

Cadet Arlert, why is a runt like you here?!

To help humanity overcome the Titans !

That is delightful to hear! Your gonna be a great light snack for them! 
Row three about face, runt!
what do you call yourself?

Sir! My name is Thomas Wagner, I'm from Trost district!

I can't hear you!

Look at him go.
The man is a master when it comes to fresh faced recruits.

That takes me back.

Is a pathetic worm like you the best care this has to offer?

Sir! I'm afraid that is the case sir!

So what's the point of all the intimidation?

It’s rite of pass.
Through stress and denigration we revert them into blank slaves, from there we can mold them bit by bit into proper soldiers.
He is the first step in that process.

We seem to really excel at that back home sir!

Row four , about face!

There are some he is passing by.
The drill instructor is nothing compared to what those recruits have seen.
They were there, witnesses to the hell of the titan attack two years ago.
You can read it in their faces.
C'mon let's go.

What do we have over here?

Jean Kirschtein sir, from trost district!

And why are you here cadet?

To join the millitary police sir. the best of the best!

That's nice.
You wanna live in the interior, do ya?

Yes.

No one told you to sit recruit!
If you can't hadle this, Kirschein, then forget about joining the millitary police!
What the hell is wrong with your face you smiling idiot?

Marco bodt at your service sir, from Jinae south side of Wall Rose.
I aim to join the millitary police and give life and limb in the service to the king!

Well then. that makes you an idealistic fool and a rube.
You want the truth? 
The only use the king ask for your life and limbs are his titan fodder.
Hey, cue ball.
You are up next.

Uh me? Sir! Connie Springer from Ragako village, sir!

You have it backwards Connie Springer.
That was the first thing you were taught. 
The salute represents the resolve in your heart to fight those bent on the systematic destruction of our people. 
Is your heart on your right side? 

Hey, you there…
What do you think you are doing?
You are officially on my shitlist!
Just who the hell are you?!

Sasha Brause from Dopper village at your service! 
Reporting for duty Sir!

Sasha Brause huh? 
And what is that your clutching in your right hand?

A steamed potato.
It sat there in the mess hall begging to be eaten, sir.

The theft I understand, but here? 
Why eat it here of all places?

It looked quiet delicious and it was getting cold so I gave it shelter in my stomach sir."

Why? I can't comprehend. Why would you eat that potato?

Uh...are you asking me why people eat potatoes? 
I'm surprised you don't know sir. 
Here’s sir. Have half.

Have half? Really?

...

Damn. I thought Shadis was gonna kill potato girl.

I know. One hell of a first day. It's funny. Being told to run until the sunsets didn't seem to bother her nearly as much as losing meal privileges for the next five days.

It think she said she was from Dopper. 
If I remember right, that's a small hunting village, up in the mountains.

Hey what's that.

Their dropouts. They prefer to work in the fields.

But it's only the first day.

That's the way it is. If you can't handle the pressure, you gotta leave. 
I can't believe anyone would rather pull plants than fight.

I know about some of us, but you never mentioned where you're were from Eren.

The same as Armin, from Shinganshina.

Oh wow. That means—

You saw it. You were there that day.

Hey! Quiet!

The colossal one. Did you see him?

Yeah…yeah I did.
Yeah ok. I saw the big guy.

Wow, seriously?

Okay, exactly how tall was he?

He stuck his head over the outter wall.

Oh wait, I heard he stepped over the wall completely!

So did I!
That was the rumor in my village too.

Nah. He was big, but not that big.

So what did it look like.

It have a mouth like a corpse, and no skin, just muscles.

And the armored Titan? The one that broke through wall Maria.

Is that what they are calling it?
In all the panic it was just another titan to me.

No way. So what were they like?

Come on. That's enough questions alright. I'm sure he'd rather not relive everything he went through.

Sorry, we didn't mean to—

It's not like that. 
This stupid titans. There really, not that big a deal. 
If we focus on mastering the omnidirectional mobility gear they give us, then it's titan pay back time.
I've waited years to be trained as a soldier. 
All the sudden, the reality is sinking in. 
I'm joining the scout regiment. Then I'm sending the titans back to hell. 
I'm gonna butcher them all."

Hey are you crazy or something? 
Not that it's my business, but signing up for reconnaissance is like a death sentence.

I guess we'll see. Or at least I will.
You seem content hiding in the Interior with MP’s.

Look, I'm just speaking honestly here kid. 
I think it's better than being some loud mouth, bragger tough guy wannabe, pretending he's not as piss scared as the rest of us."

Are you trying to pick a fight?

Stop it you guys.

Alright, sure. Makes no difference to me.
Hey, I apologize. Sorry for calling you names a dismissing your choice of careers. 
Put it there kid, what do you say.

Right. Yeah I'm sorry as well.

Aww… excuse me!
I just wanna…I mean…
I’ve never seen anyone like you before.
I mean ah…I, I’m sorry.
You have really beautiful black hair.

Thank you.

Could you lay off.
It’s no big deal.

It’s just that you get so worked up you don’t think things through.

Again with this?
If you insist on worrying, worry about how long your hair is.
It’s gonna catch up with you in a bad way when we start on the ODM’s.

Okay, fine. I’ll cut it.
How short should I go do you think?

What the hell?!
Leave my clothes alone, damn it!
What did you wipe on me?

Don’t worry.
Just my trust.

I…finished…
Could it be…It’s bread!

I’m sorry there isn’t more.
It’s all I can take.
Hey, hang on.
You really should drink a little water first.

You! You’re goddess, aren’t you?
Glory to you!

Hey, just what are you two girls up to?

Well…um…She is been running all day without any food and water.

I see.
So you trying to be nice, huh?
What’s the point breaking the rules for potato girl.
That mindless act of kindness gets you absolutely nowhere.
Whatever.
Let’s just get her to her bed already.

I’m confused.
Are you being nice?

I’m helping her so that she’ll owe me one in the future.
I intend to make use of her stupidity.


It's aptitude test time, so listen up! 
There is no place for you here if you cannot perform! 
Fail and you'll be shipped to the fields!

We are just drilling the fundamentals here.
They can still determine the cadet’s knack for it just by watching
Like her. Completely steady.
She inherently knows what to do and how to make it handle.
That’s what aptitude is all about.
I would say we have several capable cadets this year.

And what about this guy?

That’s precisely why we were on these tests.
He proves the driving dedication do not always translate into capability.

What is your major malfunction, Yaeger! 
Straighten yourself up!

Why am I…how do I work this thing?
This can’t be happening.

Just remember the basics and you should be fine.
No need try any fancy maneuvers.
Just focus on your balance, then distribute your weight evenly between the belts on your waist and your legs.

Loosen up your stance a little bit.
If I could do it, I know that you can.

Okay, a loose stance but balanced.
Let’s give it a shot, Armin.

Hey,Daz.
He was talking big about butchering all the titans but he got real quiet after ODM training, didn’t he?
I guess it’s the fields for him tomorrow.
Can’t keep wasting food on the useless.

Eren!

Worrying won’t solve a thing.
There’s still time to get some practice and come morning.

How pathetic…
How am I supposed to kill them if I can’t even stand up straight.

It might be time to let that dream die.

What do you mean?

I think you should give up this attempt to be a soldier.
There is lot more to fighting and combat than just throwing your life away in vain.

What are you saying?
After everything we saw that day, after what happened to my mom, you are crazy if you think I ‘m just gonna walk away.

I get it. But it doesn’t matter how determined you are.

Wa…wait, what do you mean?

Because whether or not you are fit to be a soldier isn’t up to you.
You misunderstand.
I’m not saying you should return to the fields by yourself.
I wouldn’t dream of it.
Because wherever you go, I’m gonna go with you.

So umm…are you saying…that you are not going to finish that?

What’s the trick to posture control?
Hard to say.
Guess I got the gift.
You just gonna feel it, you know?

I’m trying to figure out your trick.
You screwed up every way imaginable short accidentally equipment really this expectation.

Please guy, you gotta help me, I’m begging you.

That’s funny.
Wasn’t it just yesterday you said if you can’t handle the pressure, you gotta leave.
No wait. Was it if you are a complete idiot, you gotta leave. Something like that.

Oh c’mon! I heard from everyone you are both really good at it.
Bertholdt! Reiner!

Sorry, kid.
But there isn’t any special trick to just hanging there.
Not to be harsh but if its advise you want, I’m not really the guy.

Alright.

Let’s just hope it comes to you tomorrow.

Hold on, aren’t the two of you originally from Shiganshina?

Yeah, that right.

Then you should know first hand how terrifying they are.
Why on earth you would you wanna be a soldier?

I didn’t see the things Eren did.
He saw their blood lust first hand before anyone realize how bad it was.
And I, I knew I couldn’t sit by as royal government forced the citizenry into the failed territory retrieval operation. 

I see.

So where are the two of you from?

Oh, Riner and I, we were both from the mountain village just southeast of Wall Maria.

What? Then, that means…

Yeah, unlike the more prosperous river towns, our village didn’t receive word right away.
The titans were on us before we even knew what was going on.
It happened at dawn.
All the livestock were so restless.
Soon after we heard these strange rumblings, just became louder and louder.
Eventually, I realized those rumblings were the sound of death getting closer.
I, I looked out my window and…
After that, everything is just a blur.
I think we all just panicked.

Hey, easy now.
You are just getting yourself work up again.

Sorry.
Basically, what I’ve been trying to say is this.
The four of us aren’t like the rest of…of them.

Them who?

The others here who’ve never witnessed to the titans horror.

Hey.

Most of them are here for show. 
To do just what society expects.
In a world, where you are labeled a coward if choose field work.
By the time you turn twelve, propriety demands our service.
With that said, I’m really no different from the others.
I joined the ranks hoping for assignment to the Military Police.
Tucked away in the interior.
If that doesn’t work out, I’ll give up entirely.
I don’t really have the fortitude for anything else.

There is no shame in caring about your life, Bertholdt.
We all do.

Do we?
I’m going to return the home that was taken from me.
That’s all I care about now.
I will do it, no matter what.

What about you?
Why did you sign up?

Why did I join?
I decided I have to kill them.
I won’t stop until every single titan is dead and rotting. 
Dead every last one.

You saw what those monsters are capable of, and you still wanna take them on?

Damn right.
It’s just, after screwing up the training, I don’t know if I’m cut out to be a soldier.

We’ll take it from step one, belt adjustment.
By tomorrow, you’ll be an expert.
I know you‘ve got what it takes.
I can see it in you, am I wrong here?

No, I won’t fail.
Thank you Reiner, thank you.

Eren Jaeger, are you ready?

Yes sir!
I’m going to do it.
I have to.
I may not be as talented as the rest, but nobody…nobody has more guts!

Proceed.

The moment of truth. I won’t fail again.
The hell with working in the damn fields.
I’m not giving up, not without a fight!
I did it? No, I’m doing it!
No! Not yet! Once more! I can do it!

Lower him.

I…I’m finished.

Wagner, please exchange belts with Mr. Yeager.

Huh? Yes sir.

Your equipment was defective. 
If given a piece of functional gear, you might not be worthless after all. 
Quartermaster didn't notice this broken clasp. I'll have to visit the supply depot, and crack a couple skulls.

He still did it. Even while wearing that busted gear.
Amazing.

So you mean I…I didn’t wash out?

You made the cut.
Now keep training, cadet!

I did it! I really did it!
Check it out, Mikasa! I’m doing it!
I can fight the titans! You don’t have to worry about me!
Not anymore!

It seems like things worked out for him.

Oh look, his eyes are saying: check me out! 

They are not.
His eyes are saying he doesn’t have to leave me not anymore.

Grisha…Today should bring you pride
Your son is a soldier.

After graduating from the cadets, Eren sees mankind begin to restore its dignity.
We can beat the titans.
The moment he feels certain of this, humanity is given a grim reminder.
