
Maka: A sound soul dwells within a sound mind and a sound body.

Narrator: Welcome to Death Weapon Meister Academy. More commonly known as the DWMA. It stands as a defense against the forces of evil, which would plunge the world into chaos and drag humanity to the very depths of fear and madness.
The demons known as Kishin and their insatiable hunger for destruction. To ensure the Kishin never regain their hold on this world, this academy was founded by the Grim Reaper, Death himself.

Lord Death: So basically, we're an organization that exists to protect and preserve peace. I guess it's not exactly a typical school. Oh well, that isn't important. For now, let's roll up our sleeves and get to work!


 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 



Al Capone: Any trash who opposes me must be eliminated, I mean immediately. You know?









transpositional thinking. Analyze the target in order to predict his thoughts and movements. Assassin's rule number three: speed. Take out the target before the target notices your presence. Let's go. [yelling]











Black Star and Tsubaki: Ahhhhhhhh!

Note: I can't really understand what he's saying) Yahoo!

Tsubaki: It's always the same thing with you!

Black Star: Smoke bomb mode, Tsubaki! 

Tsubaki: 'Kay!









Mobster 4: We've been able to locate the witch. 

















Tsubaki:







Tsubaki: Any more of this and I won't the dignity left to face Lord Death.



Tsubaki: I wonder if there are any good missions for us up there...

Black Star: What are you talking about? We already have one. We still have to take down Capone and his thugs.

Tsubaki: We're on a bit of a losing streak right now, Black Star. Maybe we should think about taking on a easier mission.

Soul: Yo! Looks like you two screwed up again last night, huh?

Black Star: I don't know what you're talking about. It was awesome! I was the biggest star in the whole room yesterday!

Maka: I'm sure it was a great show Black Star, but shouldn't you be worrying about collecting some Kishin souls?

Black Star: Yeah, I guess I forgot that. [laughs]

Tsubaki: What about you two? How have you been doing lately?



Maka: Yeah, it's too depressing to think about right now. 

Announcer: Meister Black Star and Tsubaki from Class Crescent Moon, please report immediately to the Death Room. I repeat--






Lord Death: Yeah, yeah. Hello hello, you two. I heard you failed in the assassination of Don Al Capone last night.











Lord Death: I had intended to observe your work over a longer period of time without interfering, but it seems we have a problem on our hands. 






















































Assassin's rule number one: silence. Dissolve in the darkness and erase your breath. Wait for an opening to attack your target. Ahhhhhhhh!


SOUL EATER



Black Star: Ahhhhhhhh!



Black Star: Dying now... My breath will be erased, okay? 





Black Star: Hya hoo! Where are you witch? It's time to die!

Tsubaki: Hold on a second, Black Star. Did you come up with a plan for defeating Witch Angela?

Black Star: Of course I did, and it begins with me making a big entrance!

Tsubaki: Yeah, I get it. Obviously you did not come up with a plan for us.

Black Star: Don't worry Tsubaki. Okay? I'm totally going to turn you into a Death Scythe, and a strong one! Trust me on that.

Tsubaki: I know you will.



Black Star: Wonder what happened here.

Mifune: This day's turning out to be a bit annoying.

Black Star: These eggs...there must be a hundred Kishin souls floating around here. Are you responsible for all of this?

Mifune: Did you come here hoping to collect the witch Angela's soul?

Black Star: Are you incredibly strong? I hope you are, because I'm going to beat you in a bigger way than you could imagine! Better get ready, because we're going to duel.

Mifune: My name is Mifune. I am a guardian of the witch Angela.

Black Star: My name is Black Star. I'll surpass the power of the gods. 



Black Star: Tsubaki.









Black Star: This is...!



Mifune: If you still refuse to retreat then...die!

Black Star: If you really want to kill me, you're going to need a lot more than a few fancy flying swords. I'll take that!

Mifune: Your weapon's strength has saved you. If this were a regular chain, it would have broken already. This is your last warning. Keep your distance from here. If I have to kill a kid, I'll get nightmares.

Black Star: You bastard, you're calling me a kid, are you? You're wrong! The kids I know are small. No stupid kid can be a big a guy as I am. Tsubaki! Transform! Shuriken mode! Do you know what would make you a much smaller man, Mifune? If I cut you into four little pieces! Tsubaki, smoke bomb mode! Go!

Tsubaki: Right!

Black Star: Yahoo! I got you now!

Tsubaki: Idiot! Why can't you learn to be quiet? You blew it Black Star! Oh no, he got hit!

Mifune: Such a fool...

Tsubaki: No! He's not...

Black Star: Mifune, you're an arrogant bastard. You shouldn't use the back of the blade against an opponent so much bigger than you are.

Mifune: You know what, kid? I'm beginning to feel real sorry for that weapon of yours. The only reason that you've survived this fight for so long is her strength and intelligence, but no matter how good a weapon may be it's wasted if an unskilled master is wielding it. You're just a useless little kid. Can't you see that?

Tsubaki: You're wrong about him! Sure Black Star is a little bit...a little bit careless sometimes, but if he really tried I know he could do it.

Black Star: Mifune. It's your move. What now?

Mifune: I don't have an agenda. I'm only here to protect Angela.

Black Star: That's not really it though, is it? I know what you're trying to do, Mifune. I understand it real well. You want to beat me to make me look small, so that you'll appear greater by comparison. BUT I WON'T LET YOU GET AWAY WITH THAT! You can look high or low, but you won't find a bigger guy than me! I'm going to win this battle! You got me?!

Mifune: That's interesting. His eye color changed.

Black Star: Tsubaki, switch to Ninja Blade mode.

Tsubaki: Alright.

Black Star: Mifune, I hope you're ready. Now we fight for real.

Mifune: I won't be using the back of the blade this time.

Black Star: Assassin's rule number one: silence. Dissolve in the darkness and erase your breath. Wait for an opening to attack your target.
transpositional thinking. Analyze the target in order to predict his thoughts and movements.



Assassin's rule number three...

Mifune: Impossible. I should be able to hear his breath from here. No, wait... I can here some faint breathing. But it can't be his... this kid can't control anything. 









Mifune: What?!

Black Star: Finishing Strike! Black Star Big Wave! I am the star. You lose. You didn't even see me coming, did you? That's the third rule of being a great assassin. 



Black Star: Don't blame yourself. You never had a hot at beating me, Like I said, you'd need more than some fancy flying swords. Tsubaki.





Angela: Stop it! No! Bad man! Don't hurt Mifune! 





















Black Star: A guardian who baby sits a little witch all day? Please, you aren't even worth the effort. Let's go, Tsubaki. 














Tsubaki: Mm hmm!

Lord Death: Hmm? Hmm...



Black Star: Assassin's rule number one: silence. Dissolve in the darkness and erase your breath. Wait for an opening to attack your target. 

Tsbuaki: I told you silence means approaching quietly. Our future doesn't look very promising...



<Preview>

Narrator: Death the Kid. Son of Lord Death, the Grim Reaper. A perfect boy, with nearly perfect skill and talent to match.

Kid: Lupin... it's all over. Master thief Lupin, your soul has become a Kishin egg. It is pure evil.

Kid, Liz, and Patty: And now we have come to claim it!

Narrator: But the Kid is obsessed with perfection.

Kid: Just look Patty! Your stance is off again! The two of you aren't in align!

Patty: Ohh! I'm sorry, Kid!

Narrator: And this obsession is his one great weakness. Prologue 3: Death the Kid. Coming Soon.
  