
Maka: A sound soul dwells within a sound mind and a sound body.

Narrator: Welcome to Death Weapon Meister Academy. More commonly known as the DWMA. It stands as a defense against the forces of evil, which would plunge the world into chaos and drag humanity to the very depths of fear and madness.
The demons known as Kishin and their insatiable hunger for destruction. To ensure the Kishin never regain their hold on this world, this academy was founded by the Grim Reaper, Death himself.

Lord Death: So basically, we're an organization that exists to protect and preserve peace. I guess it's not exactly a typical school. Oh well, that isn't important. For now, let's roll up our sleeves and get to work!



Kid: Lupin... it's all over. Master thief Lupin, your soul has become a Kishin egg. It is pure evil.

Kid, Liz, and Patty: And now we have come to claim it!

Kid: Just look Patty! Your stance is off again! The two of you aren't in align!

Patty: Ohh! I'm sorry, Kid!

Liz: Uh, Kid, do you really think now is the time to be worrying about that?

Kid: Yes, I do. I want it to be perfect every time.

Liz: I know, but do you think this once maybe--

Patty: --Why is Lupin dancing on that bag?

Kid: --How many times do I have to tell you, everything must be in perfect balance. Symmetry is what makes this world beautiful.

Patty: Ahahaha, he ran away, he ran away!

Kid: Patty, why can't you be quiet and listen when I'm talking? Is that so much to ask? Huh?

Patty: Okay.

Kid: Symmetry is key. Everything must be aesthetically pleasing. 



Kid: That's why I use the two of you as twin pistols in order to preserve symmetry. When I hold you both, I am completely balanced on the left and right. It isn't perfect because your human forms are so different from each other, though. Your hair styles and height, for example. Even your boobs are different sizes! 

Liz: Excuse me for being smaller than my little sister! What right do you have to talk about symmetry anyway?! Three stripes on the left side of your hair and none on the right?! That doesn't look symmetrical to me!

Kid: Your right! I'm an abomination! I'm filthy, and dirty, and unbalanced! Why is there only one set of stripes?! I'm garbage! Asymmetrical garbage! I... I deserve to die!





















Kid: Stop it, Dad. I'm not a little kid anymore. Is that really necessary?

Liz: That's a sensitive topic right now sir.

Lord Death: Huh? Okay, then. We'll just move along. How're things going? It looks like you're making some good progress collecting Kishin souls. But Kid, don't forget you're a Grim Reaper. You don't really need to be training weapons or reclaiming souls.

Kid: Even so, I want to make my own weapons to my own specifications.

Lord Death: In that case, since you have two weapons, the number of souls you must collect is double the normal amount. This means you have to work harder too, Liz and Patty.

Liz and Patty: Yes, sir!

Kid: I understand, and I would like to collect all of the souls that I need in one go. So, do you have any suitable targets for me right now?

Lord Death: Ahh! Well, now that you mention it... As a matter of fact, I do have one.



Sun: Hehehehe...

Tsubaki: What's going on there?

Black Star: Hey! Soul! Maka!

Maka: Oh, hey guys. Good morning.

Tsubaki: Morning, Maka, Soul. What happened? Why's everyone down here?

Soul: Seriously? You mean you haven't heard yet? It's kind of a hot topic around here right now.

Black Star: Oh, I get it. Everyone's scared of what a big star I'm becoming, huh?

Soul: Not quite, Black Star. It has nothing to do with you.

Black Star: Huh?


The Perfect Boy: Death the Kid's Magnificent Mission?



Lord Death: In the heart of the scorching Egyptian desert, there is an ancient ruin. It is known as the Pyramid of Anubis. You will find a witch there, a necromancer. She's raised a great number of the dead who were entombed in the pyramid. Every night, she leads out these mummies to feed on human souls. A necromancer is difficult to stop. Her first set of mummies will be sent out to create another set, which will in turn create yet another, until she eventually has an entire army of mummies.

Kid: The ancient pyramid of Anubis. I see. It was built at a time when all construction followed strict theories of symmetry. Sounds great.

Lord Death: Actually, I was originally thinking about assigning a three star meister to this one.

Kid: Don't worry Dad. I can handle it myself.

Kid: After I've defeated the witch, I can take some time to enjoy the architecture. 



Soul: So, what do you guys think? Anyone else want to go find out who took on the big mission?

Black Star: Yeah, of course I do. Whoever this guy is, he's a real showoff. He actually thinks he can build a bigger reputation than mine!

Soul: 'Kay, then let's get going.

Maka: Hey, wait! Come back you two!



Kid: Oh! Would you just look at the exquisite symmetry!

Liz: Ugh, all that time in weapon form makes my back ache like crazy.

Patty: That thing's huuuuge!

Kid: I could do without all this dust.

Patty: Let's all go inside then, okay?

Liz: Are we sure that we want to do this? This place gives me the creeps.

Patty: It's okay! I'm sure we'll be fine. Let's go!

Kid: My eyes itch. Wow... it's perfect on the inside, too!

Liz: I hate it here. I don't do well in creepy, dusty, icky places.

Patty: Hey, sis, I've been wondering something. How come everyone closes their eyes when they sneeze? Is it to keep their eyes from popping out of their heads? Do you know?

Liz: I don't know, Patty. That certainly is one theory that might explain why it is. Of course, it could also be an involuntary reflex triggered by normal brain activity.

Patty: Hmm, maybe I could do a test tape next time I have a cold and tape my eyelids open!

Liz: Yes, but what if your theory is right and your eyeballs do pop out of your head?

Patty: Okay, yeah. You might be right there, big sis. You're so smart!

Liz: Kid, what's wrong with you? You've been quiet for a long time now.

Kid: Hmm? Well, uh, maybe it's my imagination... but I have this horrible feeling that the painting that I have hanging in my living room is leaning a little bit to the right.

Liz: Does some stupid painting really matter right now?!

Kid: Yes, of course it matters! What should I do? I can't go on like this! I can't wait. I have to go back and make sure.

Liz: Hey! Hey! Hey hey hey! There's a limit to the insanity I'll put up with. You can worry about it when we get home.

Kid: I'm worrying about it. I'm worrying about it. I'm worrying about it.

Liz: Don't worry. I won't let you worry about it.

Kid: I'm worrying about it.

Liz: Shut up! You spoiled brat!

Kid: I'm worrying. I'm worrying. Worrying!

Liz: Ahhh! Oh no, it's a mummy! Mummy, mummy, mummy!

Mummies: Hehehehehe...

Liz: Hey... they're kind of cute, aren't they? Blaggh! A mummy licked me, a mummy licked me! A mummy licked me! Mummy slobber! How could this happen to me? It's time to transform, Patty!

Patty: Okay!

Liz: Hey Kid, let's go! Huh?

Patty: Don't know!

Kid: Dear Liz and Patty, I'm still worrying about it. Nothing you can say will help. I am going back home at once to check on the painting. Watch your step, it's dark in the pyramid. Death the Kid.

Liz: He's joking, right? Patty!

Patty: Right.

Liz: Beat it, mummy.

Liz: Patty! Don't stick me in that monster's dirty mouth! Eww!

Patty: Oh, okay! Sorry!

Samantha: Ancient statue! I lend you the dark heart from my body that you may live again and do my bidding! Awaken, pharaoh! Your master is calling you.

Statue: The wrath of the Pharaoh.

Samantha: He's got me! I'm being dragged in! He's going to eat my soul!

Statue: There is no one in this world who can ever be my master. All who enter beware, the wrath of the Pharaoh.


Soul Eater



Maka: Where do you suppose those two idiots have run off to now?

Soul and Black Star: Rahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Kid: Ah. Just my imagination after all. It's perfect. And now, the girls are waiting for me to come back. I should get going.



Liz: That's it. We've recovered every last one of the mummies' souls. Do we have them all evenly split up?

Patty: Mhm. Since Kid would get all depressed if we didn't divide them up evenly.

Liz: I don't like this... Did you hear that creepy noise coming from over that way?
  