
  Emcee : Announcing. Prince Lelouch vi Britania, 17th heir to the royal Britanian imperial throne.

Vassal: I heard the Empress Marianne was killed inside of the Britanian Palace.
Vassal: There's no way terrorists could've gotten in there.
Vassal: Which means that the real assassins must have been...
Vassal: Shhh. Beware, my friend. You'll regret it if anyone hears that kind of talk around the Palace.
Vassal: And yet the boy remains... even though his mother is dead.
Vassal: It's over. And the Ashford family who stood behind them is finished as well.
Vassal: And his sister, the Princess?
Vassal: We understand she was shot in the legs.
Vassal: And that she lost her sight.
Vassal: Blindness caused by trauma though, isn't it?
Vassal: No difference. Now she can't even be married off for political gain.



Lelouch : Hail, Your Majesty. My mother the Empress is dead.

Charles : Old news. What of it?

Lelouch : What of it?

Charles : You sought an audience with the Emperor of Britania simply to inform me of that? Send the next one in. I have no time for these childish games.

Lelouch : Father!

Royal Guards: Yes, Your Majesty.

Lelouch : Why didn't you keep mother out of harm's way? You're the Emperor, the greatest man in this nation if not the world. You should have protected her and now you don't even visit Nunnally?

Charles : I've no use for that weakling.

Lelouch : That weakling?

Charles : That is what it means to be Royalty.

Lelouch : Then I don't wanna be your heir. I give up my claim to the throne!

Vassals : Oh.

Lelouch : I'm sick of fighting and scheming over who will succeed you, father. I've had enough!

Charles : You are dead.

Lelouch : Eh...

Charles : You have always been dead to me, dead from the moment you were born. Who gave you the fine clothes you wear, a comfortable home, the food you eat, and your very life? All of those, I have given to you. In short, you are nothing to me because you have never existed. Yet you dare to speak such foolishness to me?

Lelouch : Eek! Aaah!

Charles : Lelouch! You are dead. Therefore, you are not entitled to any rights. I am sending you and Nunnally to Japan as Prince and Princess you will serve well as bargaining tools.




Lloyd : It's a seventh generation Knightmare Frame, making its abilities far greater than normal...

Cornelia : I understand that the Lancelot's pilot is an Eleven.

Lloyd : That's correct, an Honorary Britanian. However...

Cornelia : I'm promoting this man from private to warrant officer, that should satisfy him. I'm trying to win without having to rely too much on the Numbers.

Euphemia : Those who risk their lives on the battlefield are the ones who deserve to rule. I understand the theory, sister. But still...

Suzaku : Sorry, you have to sit here watching me do my homework.

Cecile : Oh, don't worry about it. You've never attended a regular school before, so it can't be avoided.

Suzaku : The guys on the Student Council are helping me, too. But... it's still hard.

Cecile : Hehehe. To be perfectly honest with you, I've been a little bit worried. It's supposed to be a liberal school, but I was afraid you were fitting in well.

Suzaku : Me, too. I was expecting that. But I happened to run into an old friend there and he smoothed everything out for me.

Cecile : Be sure you never take that friend for granted. If your friendship continues, your reunion won't have been coincidence. It will have been predestined.

Suzaku : O.K.

Cecile : Anyway, please try one of these.

Suzaku : Thank you, I will.

Cecile : I'd like your opinion of them.

Suzaku : There's... jam.

Cecile : Yes. I just happened to get some lovely blueberries.

Lloyd : Alright, everyone. Pack it up, pack it up. Well done today. Don't do anymore. Hip, hip, hurrah! That's all folks... haah.

Suzaku : Ah... Um...

Cecile : Go to school. Classes might be over for the day, but it's important to meet your friends and have a social life, too.




Shirley : Say, can I ask you something important?

Kallen : Uh-huh. Sure, what is it?

Shirley : Ah, Kallen, are you hiding something from us?

Kallen : Huh?

Shirley : If it's something too personal...

Kallen : No. What are you talking about?

Shirley : You can tell me. I promise I won't be shocked or upset. Uh well the thing is I happend to see you before.

Kallen : Um...

Shirley : Urghh, you're going out with Lelou, right?

Kallen : Lelou?

Shirley : The other day I saw you outside.

Kallen : Ah, no no no no. That was all his doing.

Shirley : His doing?

Kallen : No, wait! It wasn't like that.

Shirley : I don't get it. You were trying so hard to catch the cat before.

Kallen : No, that wasn't it. Besides it's not like we kissed or anything.

Shirley : Or anything? Then you stopped short of doing it?

Kallen : Will you quit imagining things? You don't understand the circumstances one bit!



Milly : But an arranged marriage is so... I understand how much you want to reestablish the Ashford family. But mother, it's just that...



Nina : Ah, I've divided it!




Darlton : The Saitama Ghetto is now completely surrounded. The Yamato Alliance's hide out is located at somewhere in here. Half the people in this neighborhood are cooperating with them. So, if we proceed now...

Cornelia : What will be the effect on production?

Darlton : Primary sector output should decrease by 0.2%

Cornelia : Within expectations, you mean. All right. All of you here participated in the Shinjuku disaster. Is that correct?

Subordinate: Yes. And we're indebted to you Princess Cornelia for your mercy.

Cornelia : That's not what I'm asking. Do you think the conditions are similar?

Subordinate: Huh?

Cornelia : To those in Shinjuku.

Announcer: Mlitary authorities report that they have surrounded the Saitama Ghetto, a known hiding place for terrorists. Viceroy Cornelia is also on the scene, and entry to that area is restricted.

C.C. : Hum-hum-hum. Oh, well? What has you looking so serious?

Announcer: It appears that a full scale assault will be launched in two hours. Consequently, power will be shut off...

Staff : News is one thing, but why are we broadcasting the start time?

Diethart : Because they are trying to provoke Zero.

Cornelia : Zero is a criminal with a flair for theatrical. I've recreated the same conditions that existed in Shinjuku in order to draw him out. If he's the over-confident type, I predict he'll come here to try to kill me.

Subordinate: Viceroy, you'd really risk your own life like this?

Cornelia : What you fail to understand is war is a strrugle between pride and life.



C.C. : You're not falling for the enemy's provocation?

Lelouch : They went to such trouble to invite me, though. Besides, there's something I'd like to ask Cornelia personally.

C.C. : Destroying Britannia or discovering who murdered your mother, which is more important to you?

Lelouch : The two are of equal importance. The royal family members are competing with each other to see who will ascend the throne and become the next ruler. Or rather, they're being forced to fight by that man.

C.C. : But the very thing you hate is the same thing that makes Britannia strong. The royal heir who is best fit become the next ruler of Britannia is the last one left standing.

Lelouch : Exactly. The weak ones lose and they're cast aside. Britannia is that kind of nation. That kind of world.

C.C. : Survival of the fittest is the most basic rule of all.

Lelouch : If that's true, then what happens to Nunnally? Should I simply give up on my sister because she's frail? I refuse to accept that. I'll wipe out that sort of world myself.



Suzaku : (Humming)

Kallen : Like I've said, there's nothing between Lelouch and I!

Suzaku : Lelouch?

Kallen : Anyway, that's how it is. There's nothing going on.

Suzaku : Huh? Um... where is Lelouch?

Shirley : I don't know where he is. And I don't give a damn!

Suzaku : Huh?



C.C. : You can't go, Lelouch. You need to fulfill your part of our bargain, so I won't have you dying before that.

Lelouch : Notice that what you're saying and what you're doing are contradictory.

C.C. : Oh, I won't kill you. I'm merely going to shoot you in the leg to quiet you down.

Lelouch : Now I get it. You are unable to use Geass yourself, aren't you?

C.C. : (gasp)

Lelouch : I'm not surprised. I suspected as much. You obviously wouldn't have ask me to do it if you could've done it yourself.

C.C. : Do you honestly think you can threaten me with a gun?

Lelouch : Yes, I do.

C.C. : Huh.

Lelouch : Until I met you I was dead. An empty corpse existing behind a false guise of life, a life in which I did nothing real. Day to day, I merely went through the emotions of living as if I were a zombie. And I always had the feeling that I was gradually dying. If I'm condemned to go back to that, then I'd rather...

C.C. : Stop it.

Lelouch : Humph.

C.C. : I see now. It's life without meaning. And a life like that...



Civilian : Aaah...

Civilian : Oh, my God. Why the hell did you do that? Even children are here. What's going on? We haven't done anything.

Soldier : That's exactly why. The people of this ghetto refused to report the terrorists. You hide them, cover for them. That's treason against a suzerain state!



Darlton : We've done sweeping away those in charge.

Cornelia : It's nearly time to set our plan motion. So shall we begin?

Darlton : Right. Attention all forces. Commence eradication of the Saitama Ghetto.

Darlton : All forces, assume No. 1 battle stations.



Jeremiah : I don't understand. Why won't Princess Cornelia order us to attack as well?

Kewell ; She won't because Orange is here. Just be thankful that you haven't been disposed of. You're to blame for this. It's due to you that our careers are over.

Jeremiah : You're wrong. Zero's the one who did it.

Kewell : That again, humph.

Villetta : Zero. Could that student be working with him?



Commander: Suppression of area 4 complete. 8th and 11th mechanized infantry companies are sweeping north and south in a pincer movement.

Lelouch : Always the same. Cornelia replaces Clovis, yet Britannia never changes.

Kightmare Pilot: What unit are you from? Your unit name and ID, soldier.

Lelouch : Private Dario Torres[?], sir. With Third Reconnaissance Company. I obtained this item from one of the terrorists. Could I ask you please transmit it to headquarters for me, sir?

Kightmare Pilot: Disc, huh? Well, I still need to verify your ID first.

Lelouch : Right, understood. But before we do that, sir, I'd like to borrow your Sutherland. So, hand it over.

Kightmare Pilot: Sure. No problem. Just take good care of it.

Lelouch : Thank you, I really appreciate it.



Yamato member: It's hopeless.
Yamato member: Can't we break through along the Saikyo Line.
Yamato member: They got armor blocking it. We can't use backroads, either. Any reinforcements from Akabane or Jujo?
Yamato member: One man might get through but not a group.
Yamato member: Izumi!
Yamato member: Damn. Any words of Toda or Kawaguchi districts?
Yamato member: Forget that. Listen!
Yamato member: Huh?

Lelouch : This, is Zero.

Yamato member: Zero!

Yamato member: Zero, you mean?

Lelouch : I assume all of you have heard about the Shinjuku incident. Do what I say, and you will be saved.

Yamato members: Ooh.



B-12 Pilot: B-12, suppression complete.
F-7 Pilot: F-7, no sign of the enemy.
D-24 PIlot: D-24, we are 87% complete.

Commander: Paladin team, change course to 5-1-6.

: Yes, my Lord. moving to 5-1-6.
Sutherland Pilot : No response at all. This guy Zero might turn out to be a no show.

Sutherland Pilot : Yes, he's just another run of the mill terrorist.

Yamato member: They came! They really came!

Yamato member: Just like Zero said they would!



Lelouch : Now then. Shall I drag Cornelia out, or should I make an opening? R-1, R-2, maintain distance. Draw them back to the area where N-2 is. B-7, open fire towards 2 o'clock. P-5's team will commence its barrage.



Operator :** * team, contact lost.
Operator : Enemy spotted in district G-4-7.
Operator : Kuznetskii team engaging. They were ambushed.
Operator : The enemy appears to be using Sutherlands captured from our own forces.

Subordinate: Exactly the same as Shinjuku.
Subordinate: Has that ever been any sign of Zero yet?



Lelouch : N-2, continue towards the upper-right. R-4, fire. N-1, take the man on the left. Right. P-3, take out the bridge and close down the route now.



Operator : Point 1-7 has fallen. Hally team, contact lost.

Cornelia : That's enough. Order all troops to fall back. Further damage and casualties serve no point.

Subordinate: Fall back?
Subordinate: With all due respect, we can still fight them.

Cornelia : We can't fight them like this.

Darlton? : All forces, fall back behind Ghetto perimeter at once. Formation dosen't matter. Fall back behind Ghetto perimeter at once.

Lelouch : What? No stomach for it? If I blend in with the retreating units that'd put me right next to Cornelia. Have I cleared the task at hand already?



C.C. : Heh heh. You can't fight your own blood, can you? But regardless, that type of person is dangerous. I wonder which path he'll take. I understand. Just who do you think I am, anyway?



Shirley : Hmm. So, Lelou lived here before this became Area 11, huh? Was he a neighbor?

Suzaku : Uh... what about yourself?

Shirley : Myself? I guess we're a lot alike in that respect. Honestly I didn't like Lelou at the beginning when I first met him. He gave impression that he was flippant, and only thing he worked hard at was avoiding hard work.

Suzaku : Ah.

Shirley : But back when we were both fleshmen, I happened to see him come upon a traffic accident. A driver rear-ended another car and was clearly at fault, but he tried to blame on the elderly owners of the other car. Nobody tried to help them. And then... Ah, Lelou didn't do it so he could boast to his buddies or laugh about it later. He did it with the same bored expression he always wears. That's when I wondered, "What's up with this guy? What goes on his mind? What does he wanna do?" I really wanted to know and in the process of finding out...

Suzaku : You fell in love with him?

Shirley : Huh, um... You think that what this is? Maybe you're right.

Milly : How dreamy it is to be in love. Oh, how I wish.



Lelouch : Cornelia, you're no match you'll lose.

Cornelia : Zero is no match, I'll win.

Subordinate: Huh?

Darlton : Of course. That's why we call Princess Cornelia the Goddess of Victory.

Cornelia : Shall we go, then, Guilford my knight?

Guilford : It is my pleasure to serve and obey you, my Lady.



Lelouch : Humph. Even with my Geass, the normal security makes it too risky for me to simply stroll in. I guess I'll have to create an opening as I did with Clovis. Hmm? Student Council room? I thought the Cat Festival meeting was scheduled for tomorrow.



Shirley : I know Kallen said I had it all wrong, but it seemed like she was getting upset in order to fool me.

Suzaku : Which is why in this case, it's best to simply ask him directly. On your behalf, I can ask him how he feels about you.

Shirley : What? You'd really do that?

Suzaku : Just relax. It'll be fine.

Shirley : Are you nuts? No way!

Lelouch : Hm? Oh, whatever.

Suzaku : Aw, come on. Let me handle this for you. I'll be discreet.

Shirley : I don't want your help, okay?

Suzaku : It'll be fine. Oh!

Cat : Meeow!

Suzaku : Sorry.

Shirley : Ah...

Suzaku : Oooh!

Cat : Grrr.

Shirley : Uh-oh. Does that hurt much?

Suzaku : Greatly.







Lelouch : You're desperate, Cornelia, using your Royal Guard in such a manner. This is Zero. N-1 will reengage their IFF signal. Operate as a Britannian unit.

N-1 : Understood.

Lelouch : ... as my decoy.

Darlton : One Knightmare left transmitting an IFF signal within the city area.

Subordinate: Can't you contact it?
Subordinate: Scrabble the rescue team!

Cornelia : No, destroy it.

Subordinate: You can't!
Subordinate: He might be a captive of the enemy.

Cornelia : I ordered all troops to fall back. I have no use for soldiers who can't follow my orders.

Darlton : You heard the Princess.

Subordinate: But!

Cornelia : Do your duty even if it costs your life. My subordinates follow that code without question.

Guilford : At your command, your Highness.

N-1 : Hey! What're you guys doing? Can't you read the IFF signal? I'm on your side!

N-1 : Damn it!

Lelouch : No confirmation? Well then.. N-2, transmit signal then fall back to the hospital ruins. R-1, R-2, hold your positions, fire only if attacked.

Cornelia : They've transmitted another signal which means one thing. They've set an ambush. Send in more Gloucesters and surround them.

Lelouch : They're not following? No, damn it! R-1, R-2, abort the ambush and fall back at once. Abort!

Operator : Gloucesters have arrived at the indicated area. No sign of the enemy.

Cornelia : He anticipated my move. It's possible we really are dealing with Zero himself.

Lelouch : P-2, N-3, circle around behind the enemy. What's wrong? Come in! P-2, N-3! Damn it! B-1, B-5, move in!

B-1? : Like hell! There's no way we can beat Cornelia's Royal Guards. That's a death sentence. I'm out!

Yamato member: Hey, all we surrender.
Yamato member: We won't resist.
Yamato member: Spare us.

Cornelia : Kill them.

Lelouch : P-6, P-8, what's happening? Aargh! B-7, circle around and cover N-4.

N-4 : This is B-7. I've got a prime target here. I'll take him out first.

Lelouch : No, hold fire! That's a decoy. B-7, that's an order!

N-4 : What d'you mean? I've got this bastard right in my sights!

Lelouch : Fall back! They'll strike from above. B-7, fall back!

N-4 : Aargh...!

Lelouch : Idiot! B-8, this is Zero. I want a status report now.

B-8 : Screw your status report! Aargh...!

Lelouch : B-8! Damn! Anyone who's left, report in from the P-group now.

Commander: Mission complete. All forces, take formation No.4.

Lelouch : Beaten as easily. But that's not how the game was supposed to go.

Cornelia : This didn't work out the way it did in Shinjuku, Zero. So, are you still masquerading as one of us? We'll discover who you are shortly.

Lelouch : This... This is what real organization can do.

Cornelia : Attention, all Knightmare pilots. Open your hatches and reveal your faces.

Lelouch : Ah. Cornelia!

Cornelia : Huh. I repeat, all pilots, open your hatches and show me your faces.

Lelouch : What do I do? If she gets me in a line-up without my mask, my identity will be exposed. That mustn't happen. Use my Geass? No, impossible. It won't work unless I look directly at them. The enemy is protected within Knightmares. That leaves the infantry and the other pilots. Forget it, they're too many of them. How do I turn this around? No, would that work? Show them I'm Zero then use the power? But then the Knightmares. Maybe I can start shooting and break out of here? Impossible, against Cornelia's Royal Guard that would be suicide.

Guilford : Open your hatch. It's your turn. What's wrong? Hurry up and open your hatch.

Lelouch : Well, my hatch was damaged earlier in battle.

Guilford : I see, then we'll open it for you. Turn around. Well, come on!l

Lelouch : Yes, understood. At once, Sir.


Soldier : Zero's been sighted!

Lelouch : Hm?

Cornelia : Aha, I was right. Zero has a flair for the dramatic.

Lelouch : No way!

Guilford : Capture him! Platoon 3 and 5, stay...

: Image detected. Target confirmed.
Lelouch : I'll just have to play along.**

: Head around back.
: Sharpshooters, open fire!**
: He fell!
Guilford : Your Highness, how do you want us to proceed now?

Cornelia : Hmm. Any likelihood it's a trap?

Darlton : There's always that possibility. Especially since we don't know anything about this person, aside from the fact that he seems as prideful as you anticipated, Viceroy.

Cornelia : Then there's no point in chasing him.

Darlton : Correct. If he intentionally revealed himself directry to his enemy, he must already have an escape route already in place.

Cornelia : So self-preservation trumps all?



Lelouch : That's how Cornelia is. She's nothing at all like Clovis. Ah!

Lelouch : Why did you rescue me?

C.C. : I told you already. I can't have you dying.

Lelouch : I wouldn't have lost if the conditions were equal.

C.C. : You sore loser. If you're really that good, you should be able to set up conditions the way you want.

Lelouch : That's what I'll do then, I'll set them up. I'll raise an army that can't lose to Britannia. A people, a nation!


Where and how can I find troops? Who will serve my army?
If only I could ask Suzaku to join me... No, that ship has sailed, he's a Britannian soldier now.
Even if he doesn't enter into the fray, he's still my enemy.
Well then, I'll just have to choose.
  