
  We hereby declare the resurrection of Japan as a lawful, independent, and sovereign nation!

was Chief Cabinet Minister of the Kururugi Administration in the former nation of Japan.
After the war, he fled to the Chinese Federation, but is apparently making his move now in response to the recent civil unrest caused by Zero.
Whether the Black Knights have played a role in these unfolding events is still under investigation.

We're not part of it!

What does Kyoto say about it?

They didn't know this was coming.


Zero, it's our move. What are we gonna do?









According to General Tsao, the Chinese Federation is providing humanitarian support, and is not acting--

So, how's Suzaku doing?

He says he'll do whatever the mission demands.

I see.



In the Tokyo Settlement. Got there after his run-in with Suzaku.
Avalon doesn't have its commander right now, but we have to finish this up if we want to counter the Gefjun Disturber.

I dishonored you. I'm not worthy to be your knight.



I can't forgive myself. Please...

Has knighthood become a burden for you -- something that troubles you?

No, I'm grateful for it.

Then why?

I've remembered something.
I-- I killed my own father.
I was never punished for it. I just lived on like nothing happened.
And right now, I'm being protected again!
While soldiers die and Elevens suffer, I'm unscathed!
A person like me doesn't deserve this.

You don't deserve it...? Then I don't either...


Princess Cornelia, we're taking too many losses!
This tempest is preventing us from using our air power!
We'll have to delay the landing operation until the weather changes.

It's a stroke of good fortune that this storm hit.
We must use it to tighten our grip on Kyushu.

You see, Gen. Tsao? Heaven is on our side. We're going to prevail in this battle with ease.


Martial law is not necessary -- such measures would only upset and frighten people.





Prime Minister!



Is there anything I can do to help?
I'm the sub-viceroy of Area 11. I should be assisting you.

Thank you. Just your offer to help me is more than enough.

But I...



She did? Just because I chose my knight without her consent?

Oh, uh, no, that's not correct. I think even the Kururugi matter--


Cornelia can't take any chances now -- the situation is too treacherous.

You mean...



Yes, Your Highness.


After all our hard work getting ready, it looks they're gonna cancel the school festival.

That's hardly a huge consideration since we're at war.

Did you say "war"?

They're using this government in exile as a smoke screen, but this is a war with the Chinese Federation!

Oh, I see...

Nina, what about the booth we were planning to borrow from the art museum?

Uh, I'm going there today. If I had some extra time...
I'd also like you to drop into the science department.

Are you talking about that present of yours?

Huh? What present is that?

Prof. Asplund said I should ask him if there was something special that I wanted.

You mean Lloyd?! That philandering playboy?!

That's enough! Could you get a little work done?

Easy for you to say. This is work for three people!
Suzaku's in the army, Kallen's in the hospitalized, and the other fool's nowhere to be found!
There's something's really weird about Lelouch lately.

I was so shocked. I'm still confused about it.
How can Lelouch be Zero?
I still haven't told anyone.
I want to meet you first and ask you face to face.
Did I really write that letter?
How is it possible?



Z-01 float attachment, contact.
Control line, established. Avionics, all systems, on-line.

That's really amazing.
You got a perfect rating on the float simulator.

Thank you.

Tell me... why did you want to give up being a knight, Suzaku?

Well, because... Princess Euphemia still approves of me, even as I am now.
So, if I caused her any trouble -- if I brought her dishonor or shame -- I had a feeling that she would end up hating herself.

A figurehead -- that's all I was from the start.
I knew that, but I thought if I gave my best effort, maybe I could make some difference...
Forgive me, Clovis. I met Zero face to face, but I didn't avenge your death.
I have to think of some way to save Lelouch and Nunnally... but how?

No matter where I go, I'm just a burden, and I act selfishly though I don't mean to.
I chose my knight against my sister's advice... and now he's resigned...


Oh yeah, they told me about you.
You need to get the documents signed today, right?
But a member of the royal family is viewing the art right now.

Huh? Which member is it?


Uhh, so you're saying--?


He's not independent -- he's a puppet of the Chinese Federation.

But he says he's fighting for Japan!

We get a new name and a new master, but nothing would change.
His Japan is a sham.

Yeah? What you're really saying is--

--when Britannia strikes back, we play dead?

Zero, perhaps you'd better clarify what our overall mission is.

Yeah, he's right.


To make Tokyo an independent nation!

Independent?!

A nation?!

Are you serious?!

You mean us? A country?

He's joking, right?

I thought so. He's really going all the way.

Wait a minute! No matter how much the Black Knights have expanded--!

Our enemy is an empire that controls one third of the world!

We can't pull that off alone!

Then answer this!
Are you just going to sit back and wait for someone else to defeat Britannia? Who?!
You think if you wait long enough, some day the right chance will finally come?
Don't be naive!
If we don't stand up and do it ourselves, that "some day" will never come!


Princess Euphemia!

Hey!

Secure the perimeter!
Code Delta! We have a Code Delta!



This is front gate! Emergency lockdown! Lock down all entrances!
Repeat: lock down all gates leading into the building!

From the hotel!

We've got a suspicious girl at the building perimeter!
Watch for any unidentified vehicles!

Please...!

Prepare Room Four. We're coming in.

Stop it! That girl is a personal friend of mine!

Huh?


Good, it's cleared up.



You think the Special Corps can break through their line?

With Kururugi, it's possible.

Using him can also mean trouble.

But there's no commander on the Avalon now. Earl Asplund isn't capable.

Incoming missiles! Launch point appears to be Fukuoka base!
1 minute, 5 seconds to impact!

Not bad! They're well-prepared against air raids as well.

Are we sending up a barrage?

We'll be fine in this position.

Direct hit confirmed! The Avalon is destroyed!


Hmm? What the...?

Lancelot's shield was already proved on the battlefield.

Maj. Kururugi, I'm laying out the mission plan for final verification:
This ship will breach the enemy's front line from high altitude and move directly to the launch point.
The advanced weapon system Z-01 Lancelot, using the float unit, will attack the enemy headquarters at Fukuoka base.
The float unit consumes energy fast, so pay attention to your operation time.

Yes, My Lord.
M.E. Boost.

Lancelot unit, now launching!

Launch!

The enemy ship seems to have launched a bomber, but it's moving faster than a fighter plane!

I have picture!

A Knightmare?!

It's not being transported; it's just flying on its own!

That weapons report we got, could this be it?!

You mean that novelty weapon?!

But then, the pilot is...!




If they lose him, the new Japanese government will collapse very quickly.
In that case, the Chinese Federation will lose their excuse for being here and have to withdraw.

There it is -- the enemy headquarters.
An open channel?


I see. I didn't know he had a son like you.


And then... when you saved me, Princess Euphemia -- I'll never forget it -- you looked like some kind of goddess... like you were bathed in radiant light.
Oh, forgive me! I should have thanked you for these change of clothes you gave me.

Oh, don't worry about that, Nina.
Besides, I'm not at all the wonderful person you think I am.
I'm no good compared to my brother and sister...

No, that's not true!
How can you say that about yourself...?
There's not one good thing about me... really, nothing at all.
My parents are ordinary, I'm not the least bit pretty, and there's just nothing special about me!

That's wrong, Nina. I think you're a very cute girl.

Oh, no...
I'm not really good for anything... not at all.

She hates herself. But so do I...

I guess I understand, but Suzaku makes me uneasy.

That's it! Suzaku feels badly too!

So please, oh please, don't say that you're no good, Princess Euphemia! I beg of you!
Because... because... I need you...
I need your goodness.

Thank you so much, Nina. I'm glad I got to know you.
You've really helped me understand!


This has nothing to do with my father -- I came here to put an end to this fighting.
I will accept your surrender.

You want to rob Japan of its dream of freedom?

Freedom has to come the right way! Not like this!

You will act out of selfishness?
It's justice without ideology!

No, you're wrong! That's not what I--
My V.A.R.I.S.!
Those are Chinese Federation Gun-Rus!

He allowed me to distract him. He still has much to learn!







My energy filler!

Are you kidding?! They blasted off the float?!

The Avalon has to strike at the base!

No! The shield doesn't completely surround us! One direct hit and we'll go down in flames!



Got it!

You had better surrender, Suzaku!
Since you're Prime Minister Kururugi's son, I guarantee that you'll be very well-treated, my boy.

I decline! If I use my father's name for this, I'll never forgive myself!
This is between you and me!

I see. You're very much your father's son, as foolish and stubborn as he was!

Suzaku Kururugi!

Princess Euphemia!

Suzaku! The truth is, you and I...
That is--

Sorry, but right now--

You see...
I hereby command you to love me!

Right!

Huh?

What?! What is it?!

Uh, sorry, but this is private.

And in return, I will love you! Forever!

Princess Euphemia!

Suzaku, I love your stubbornness and your kindness and your strength!
Your sad eyes, your clumsiness, and the way you have trouble with cats!
I love everything about you!
So please, don't hate yourself!

I see that I've made you even more worried than I did before.
You really are...
Everything you do is impulsive.
When we first met, when you told me you were a princess, when you selected my school, when you made me a knight -- always!

Yes, they were all so sudden. That's because... I suddenly realized...

But then, it's that spur-of-the-moment feeling that's opened so many doors for me!
Thank you!

What are you doing?! Stop him now!

Princess, can I make one final request?

Final?

If something happens to me, whatever it is, please don't blame yourself.
Destroy all the records and erase every trace so no one knows what happened to me.
I don't want my friends to be sad. Just tell them I transferred school or make up some story.

Suzaku, don't tell me you're--!

Yes. The Knightmare's out of energy.

I was stubborn all the way to the end.

Don't die, Suzaku! You got to live!

Wh--what the...?

AND FIRE!
Huh?!

What was that?!

Something just appeared on the radar!

A stealth system?!

We've got picture!

That's...!

I see. So the famous white Knightmare is named Lancelot.
And he's fighting as recklessly as ever.

Yes, but this time he seems to be following someone else's plan.
They sent a single fighter in to try to disrupt the main force.
Even if he fails, Cornelia can move right in.

These people are in my way.

I thought the Hadron Cannon was still in development!

They made the beams converge?!
But I wanted to be the one to perfect that system!

Hmm... looks like integrating the Gefjun Disturber has worked.
But that float system is more advanced than mine.
So my opponent is the Earl of Pudding, I guess.
We were collaborating inadvertently. Oh, how distasteful.

Kururugi, is the Lancelot still operational?

Zero... I thought so.

It's Zero?!

Is that an open channel?!

Yes!

Then stay with that source and find out what he's after!

An energy filler?

I'm going to take out the enemy command center. What will you do?

What?!

Sorry, Zero, but you're not going to get your wish -- I'm going to hit them first, my way.

Resume attack! Stop them! Stop Kururugi and Zero!
Zero! Shouldn't we be fighting together as comrades?!
Don't you care about Japan?!

The Black Knights stand against anyone who uses violence unjustly for their own selfish end.

Selfish?! I'm doing this for Japan!


You should have stayed, for everyone's sake!

You're still a child!

A joint operation. Gawain...

Lancelot...

So Suzaku and Lelouch are...

What?! Zero?!

Yes, he saved Kururugi.

Fighting on our side? What the hell is he thinking?


That was brilliant!


It's not like I could go home or back to school at this point.
After all our battles, to be working with the Lancelot is just--

What's necessary here is not victory.
The Black Knights' participation in this battle is an undeniable truth.
Of course, it will never be officially reported, but the rumors will spread, and everyone will know what happened here.
As Zero said, this will show the world exactly where we stand: protecting the nation is our first commitment.

What's wrong with going to another country, then waiting for the right moment to strike?!
That's an effective strategy, isn't it?

We can set up a new line of defense at Kagoshima.

Right. I appreciate your help.
Huh? Uh?!



That's far enough.

I--i--impossible! They took the largest fortress in all of Kyushu, with hardly any effort!

The terrorism in the Kyushu block led by an antigovernment group was stopped by Princess Cornelia's sudden attack.

Over half the Chinese Federation troops were captured as well.


Warrant Officer Kururugi, reporting for duty.

Welcome back home, Suzaku.

Uh... uh--! Uh...

I--
Suzaku, I finally understand my heart.
It's not that I expect an ideal country or perfect justice or anything complicated like that.
I just want to see people smiling, that's all.
The smiles of the people I love now and the people I loved before as well.
Will you help me? Will you be my knight?

I will, Your Highness.




Also I need to build a place where Nunnally can be happy, and for that, I need to create a nation that can drive a wedge into the world.
Things are proceeding well towards destruction.
And when the time comes, I'll deal with Cornelia and Schneizel at the same time!
  