
  The Japan Liberation Front, the largest insurgent group in Area 11.
Viceroy Cornelia was determined to crash them.
She encircled the Narita mountains where her proud Britannian legions applied overwhelming force,
sure their inferior enemy was vanquished.
Then the Black Knights made their move.
Using the Guren Mk-II's radiant wave surger, they caused the water veins of the summit to explode at once.
The mountain collapsed.
Both the Japan Liberation Front and the main Britannian forces were engulfed in mud and rushing water.
Cornelia was isolated. Most of her forces lost.
Seeking an unprecedented reversal, Zero commanded the Black Knights to hunt down Cornelia.
In their hearts, everyone has faith on their own existence and ultimate triumph.
However, When time and destiny unfold, this faith turns out to be quite fleeting and pointless.



Darlton: What are our losses?

Army: I've only got signal from 20% of our forces.

Darlton: 20%? Our command structure can't sustain this.

Army: This is Marceau unit. I can't raise General Alex.
It looks like the second division has been wiped out!

Suzaku: Lloyd, what's going on?

Lloyd: Umm, it's very unnatural.

Suzaku: Unnatural?

Lloyd: There seems to be an unconfirmed report that the Black Knights have appeared.

Suzaku: Zero...

Lloyd: Congratulations, this is our chance.

Suzaku: Lloyd.

Cecile: You're so rash.

Lloyd: Whoa? Why is that?

Cecile: Would you like a detailed explanation?

Lloyd: Eeh, no, I will pass...
Anyway, while the high command's still gathering data, all we can do is play by ear, right?


Army: Is the viceroy safe?

Army: Yes, she was outside the mud flow.
But the units guarding her flank were lost.
That means she's totally isolated.

Army: What the hell are those Pure Bloods doing?

Kewell: C'mon, move! I can't lose to Elevens.
I am a Britannian!

Villetta: Lord Kewell!!

Lelouch: All right.
Guren Mk-II, move to planned point.
We'll break through the rest of their line and take Cornelia.

Kallen: Right.

Black Knights: Got it. Let's pull this off.

Villetta: Fight to the death!

Sugiyama: Ugh...Aahh!

Tamaki: Sugiyama, you're okay?

Sugiyama: Yeah...

Black Knights: Get them.

Lelouch: That's right. Move swiftly.
If you survive this battle, you can call yourself a true warrior.
And afterward...


Army: The Pure Bloods are holding their ground?
Army: Yes sir. Under Lady Villetta's command.
Army: Then use the moment for the viceroy to retreat. Send air cover.
Euphemia: No wait. Something's approaching the viceroy from behind.
Tohdoh: All units, are you ready?
Four Holy Sword: Yes sir.
Tohdoh: All right. Deploy the custom Burais.
Four Holy Sword: Deploy.

Four Holy Sword: Yes sir. By the honor of the four holy swords.
Cornelia: What?
Guilford: Protect her highness.
Tohdoh: Surround them.
Cornelia: Japan Liberation Front?
Tohdoh: Slash and encircle!
Four Holy Sword: Right!
Tohdoh: These are not just any Burais.
Asahina: This reminds me of seven years ago.
Chiba: But it's different now. This time we have Knightmares as well.
Guilford: Your highness, leave them to us. Please you have to withdraw for now.
Cornelia: Very well. I know a way to turn this around. Guilford.
Guilford: Yes.
Cornelia: After you drive them back, meet me over at point nine.
Guilford: Nine? I understand.
JLF: Cornelia!
Cornelia: You weaklings.Villetta: All right. Keep this up and crash Zero!
Tamaki: Maybe we should get Kallen over here.

Kallen: Zero, Cornelia is under attack down below.
Lelouch: What's that? Which team made the move.
Kallen: It's not our people. Looks like the JLF.

Tohdoh: I'm sorry for the late arrival, general.
Katase: Tohdoh. We've been waiting.
Tohdoh: General, please send all remaining units to join me here.
Katase: Can you beat them?
Tohdoh: Yes. But only if we can hold off their main force. We have a chance now to turn the entire war around.


Darlton: Umm... at a time like this?
Army: What do we do?
Darlton: Fall back! We have to find a way to link up with viceroy Cornelia.
Army: But sir. Their main base is right in front of us. And if we're hit from behind we'll be wiped out!
Darlton: You fool! If princess Cornelia is taken by these Elevens this entire battle is lost!
Army: Y..yes sir. whoaa.
Army: Sub-viceroy Euphemia you must act now to prevent disaster. Send in the G1!
Euphemia: No.


Lloyd: Well, hello there. The ASEEC crew reporting for duty.
Army: Insolence!
Army: You are irregulars. Your orders are to keep silent and observe.
Cecile: Yes sir, normally we would but..
Lloyd: But all of this waiting around is boring.
Suzaku: Sub-viceroy Euphemia, I beseech you. Please order us into the battle.
Army: How transparent. You just want the glory of rescuing the viceroy.
Army: Our whole army is out there. You think one unit is going to change things with an Eleven pilot?

Euphemia: Euphe? Yes I understand. Please do it.
Lloyd: We got it.
Cecile: Thank you very much.
Suzaku: Right. I won't fail.

Tohdoh: Damn it. He's fierce.
Tohdoh: Scatter!
Urabe: Lieutenant Colonel, what about Cornelia.
Tohdoh: If Zero's the man I think he is, he's moving into position right now. We've got to trust him.
Guilford: What? Zero's on the move?
Villetta: Right. We'll keep going and come over and back you up.
Guilford: Never mind that now. Just track Zero.
Villetta: Yes sir. This is his projected course.

Cornelia: I got the message. Guilford.












































































Lelouch: C.C.
Suzaku: She's working with Zero?



Lelouch: Hey, are you using Geass on him?

Lelouch: What about you?


C.C.: No, not now!


Suzaku: I had to do it.
Lelouch: What's happening to him?

Lelouch: C.C.
C.C.: Hurry!

Chiba: Damn you!

Guilford: Your Highness, I'll be right there.

Tamaki: You see, Britannia sure had its hands full just dealing with the Liberation Front.
Ohgi: Yeah, that gave us the chance we needed to escape.



(dripping)
C.C.: You finally called me by my real name.
(dripping)
Cornelia: So, Zero escaped again.
Guilford: The Japan Liberation Front hammered our defenses and he slipped away in the confusion.



Guilford: Apparently, it was going berserk.
Guilford: A failure unworthy of my older brother's forces.
Lelouch: I removed the shrapnel and cleaned the wound.
C.C.: That wasn't necessary.
Lelouch: Apparently not.

Lelouch: But then I learned something from it.
(dripping)
Lelouch: That's your name, isn't it?
C.C.: You have a bad habit of eavesdropping.


(dripping)


Lelouch: Oh, you mean the name.
C.C.: Just this once with tenderness like you treasure it in your heart.
Lelouch: Very well then.
(dripping)
Lelouch: How was that?

Lelouch: You're a picky girl.
C.C.: Exactly. That's why I go by the name C.C.


Jeremiah: I swear I'm not Orange. Zero!
Lelouch: Looks like our ride's here.


C.C.: I see.
(dripping)


Still not enough! I need something more to checkmate Cornelia.
And I have a feeling that what's missing is inside of me, something I have to face and overcome.
Then, I can lead the Black Knights to the next stage.
Yes, and if necessary, I'll even!
  