
  About the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan, there are some unpleasant rumors about Princess Euphemia.

It must be due to the Kamine Island matter.
You think she contacted Zero there?

I suspect there's a connection here that goes all the way to the top.

No connection -- the viceroy wasn't the only one asking what was going on.

But in any case, our connections with them need to be--

Hmm, right, we'll have to sever ties with them at once.

I'm afraid it's too late.
All the evidence has already been gathered, Vice-Minister -- namely that N.A.C. profit-sharing bribe.

I appreciate this, Gen. Darlton. With this-- with this, we can finally sweep away the parasites who were sucking Prince Clovis dry.
There are more rats than expected...
And all of them are confused by Princess Euphemia's proposed special zone, aren't they?


Over two hundred thousand people have applied to join the Japan Special Zone.
The way things look, that number's only going to grow.

Thanks to you, Suzaku.

Huh?

Because of what you represent to the Japanese people, everyone is rallying.
They believe in what we're doing here.

No, you're giving me too much credit. It must be due to your proclamation, Princess.
I'm truly thankful for this. I really am.

Just as I'm thankful to you.
And I hope you're going to help me with everything that's still to come.

Yes, Your--

Not like that.

Yes.



STAGE 22: BLOODSTAINED EUPHY



The Specially Administrated Zone of Japan is the first attempt of its kind in Britannia, and was personally proposed by Her Highness Princess Euphemia.
This youthful inspiration was an idea from her school years.
It has not only caught the homeland's attention--

If Princess Euphemia thinks it's a good idea, then even I have to--

The N.A.C., led by Kirihara Industries, gives its wholehearted support to the plan.

Euphy really is amazing, isn't she?
Now the terrorist groups in Area 11 will lose their popular support and fall apart.
Public order will be stabilized.

I personally oppose this.

But since you understand the situation, you've sent Darlton to advise her, have you not?

To ensure public policy stays on track -- it's a measure that a viceroy would obviously take.

Hmm...
Did you approve her future plans as the viceroy or as her older sister?


The Japan Special Zone doesn't sound that bad.

A shadow of Japan that's given to us out of pity is worthless!

We were granted this concession by the Britannians as a result of our resistance efforts; it's nothing to be ashamed of.

Lord Kirihara!
I heard a rumor that you'll be given a favored position in the Special Zone in exchange for the Sakuradite mining rights!

Don't be suspicious; it's merely a request to join the ceremony.

That's a clever excuse.

How dare you...

Zero... what about him and all the Black Knights?


The situation's serious; it's not only supporters.
Some of the members within our own ranks have already applied to join the Special Zone.

Unlike the Black Knights, there's no risk involved in signing up for the Japan Special Zone.

Besides, when you compare the pedigreed princess with the mysterious, unknown man behind the mask, it's obvious which one exudes more appeal.

There's a rumor that Kyoto's cooperating with them too.

What's up with that?!

They're offering equality -- that's why.

Equality my ass! Don't just accept their word for it!

I agree.
But unless we decide how to respond to this quickly...

You want to apply to the Special Zone?

Because there it won't make any difference who's a Britannian and who's an Eleven.

Listen, if it works like Euphemia's proposal, then it wouldn't be wrong for the Black Knights to support this, right?

Yeah, sure, like Britannians will ever honor a promise!

I think we should support the Zone.
It doesn't contradict what Zero's said, does it?

But, Ohgi, that's--

First off, if we accept peace on their terms we'll be forced to disarm.

That is a problem, isn't it?

We will also get swallowed up in their regime and lose our independence.

On the other hand, if we don't support it, then we're against equality and freedom.

Then let's support it!

What, without any guarantees in place?

But we can't ignore it, either!


Sorry about having you drop me off like this.

Hey, you helped me go shopping after all.
Besides, I heard you were gonna meet up with Shirley.

She might need me to go shopping too.
Britannians shouldn't be worried just because of the Special Zone starting up.

Oh yeah, I think you're right about that.
Anyway, you'd better make up with Shirley pretty soon, buddy!

I don't care about your "Special Zone!" I don't care about "support!"
I'd sooner die than sign that!

It's a nobleman -- a shining example of class.

You think you're equal to us now?!
The lower classes should simply obey their betters without any back-talk!

There it is -- that's the true nature of the sub-viceroy's "benevolence."

What do you want?

Doesn't it feel good to look down from above? It is rather like being a god.

Hold it, schoolboy. Just back off.

I think you should go home right now.

Yeah, okay, I will. Well, I'd better get going.

Huh?! What did you say to him?! Come back here at once!

What's wrong, you Sir Nobleman?
Confusing borrowed power with your own ability is a big mistake, you know.
Garbage like you should simply die and be thrown out where no o--

Alright already, let's break this up.
Mister, why don't you apologize? What do you say?

Apologize?! You insolent whelp--

Go away!

Hmph!

Um... thank you very much.

It was nothing.

He came to the aid of that Eleven even though he's Zero, or because he's Zero?
So why would he have been talking to Princess Euphemia?
Stop it... If I dig too deep, it'll be dangerous.


The N.A.C., or rather, Kyoto, as it's known among the terrorists.
Tomorrow, after the ceremony, why don't you dissolve your group and leave Mt. Fuji?
We can talk about a legal agreement If you hand over the mining operation to us peacefully.
Of course, that will mean the end of your support to the Black Knights.
Whether Zero comes tomorrow or not doesn't matter.
With this, that man's downfall is assured.


I'm back.

Hello, Lelouch. Welcome home. Oh, where's Shirley?

I'm sorry, Nunnally. She never showed up. I wasn't able to get a hold of her either.

More of her getting back at you, huh? Well, you have seemed sort of chilly toward her.

You think so? Then I'll be nicer.

Um, Sayoko, would you bring us some tea, please?

Yes, as you wish, My Lord.

I get the feeling you're worried about something, Lelouch...
Does it involve Euphy?
It'd be selfish to say that I want to see her again.
I'd like to, I admit it, but that would simply cause trouble for you both.

You like Euphy, don't you?

Yes, very much -- the same way you like her.

Yeah... I did like her.


We're bringing you live coverage from the stadium where the inaugural ceremony will be held for the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan.
The place is already packed full with Elevens-- sorry, I mean with Japanese.
And those unable to get in are gathered outside the stadium.

Lesley, you think Zero will show up here?

No -- and we've heard nothing about it at this time.

Will even Zero show up? I seriously doubt it. What do you think?

If the data we have on the man is accurate, then I don't believe he will, either.

Princess Euphemia, it's time.

Right.
Huh?

Zero.

It's Zero!

Zero's here!

Oh, he came after all!

You accept that you've lost?

What are you doing...?
I thought I would have to carry your identity with me to the grave.
If people discover that Zero is a Britannian prince, it's all over.
They'll mistake this for a farce planned by the empire.
That will even cause the Specially Administrated Zone to fall apart.

Your target is Zero. If he makes any suspicious moves, kill him at once!

Yes, My Lord!

Zero, welcome to the Specially Administrated Zone!

Greetings, Euphemia li Britannia! I wish to request an audience with you.

Just with me?

Yes, with you alone.

Something major has happened here, ladies and gentlemen!
Zero has just appeared in the open!
Under Princess Euphemia's direction, he is moving toward the G1.

I'm afraid something is going to happen.
We should've gone there like I thought.

What for?
It's not as if we had a choice in the matter; everyone said that if Lancelot was there waiting, Zero wouldn't show.

It appears to be safe, Your Highness.

Then this way, please.

Princess Euphemia, it's too dangerous to be alone with this man.
As your knight, I request you allow me to accompany you to safety.

No, it's all right. Please, just trust me, Suzaku.


C'mon, how long are we supposed to hang around here?

What, it's enough for you that Zero instructed us to wait here?

Yeah, whatever...

Well first of all, we have to confirm the empire's true intentions.

Deputy Commander?

Uh... yes?

Zero knows their real intentions -- isn't that why he told us to hide and wait in all four directions?

A risky assumption.

He's even got Diethard and Rakshata standing by.
Zero is probably planning to assassinate Euphemia...


Even though the cameras are off, you're still being extremely careful, aren't you?

I've been in hiding for a long time due to a certain empire, I'm afraid.
This is a needle gun made from ceramic and bamboo.
It can't be picked up on a metal detector.

Lelouch... you would never shoot me, would you?

No, I would never do that -- you'll be doing the shooting, Euphy.

Huh?


Is this really all right, leaving her alone with Zero?

But she ordered us to.

Well, she can always press the emergency call button.

Hm?

Is there something wrong?

Why are you here? What are you doing with Zero?

It looks like he can see me.
Is that because of our indirect contact and what occurred at Kamine Island?
Or is it because he-- But if that's the case, then...



This ceremony is being broadcast globally, and the world is going to witness you, a Britannian princess, shoot Zero.
What do you think will happen next?

Rioting would break out, I imagine.

Right, Zero will become a martyr, tricked into a deathtrap, and instantly your popularity will crash to Earth.

What kind of nonsense are you saying? You should just help me rebuild Japan!

If you force it upon us from on high, then you're as bad as Clovis was!
All tasks at hand have been cleared.
After hovering near death, Zero will be met with cheers when he makes a miraculous recovery.
Because people don't give a damn about reason, but nobody can resist miracles.
Now -- take the gun.

Huh?

There can be only one Messiah, you understand, and when the people realize that you're a false one, they'll--


I-- I thought so!

I need to know one thing! Are you the--
No... he's reached that point...?

Hey, what's wrong?

Maj. Kururugi!

Why, you! What have you done to him?!

Lelouch!

Stop it! Stop giving me your pity!
Spare me your charity! This is something I have to achieve on my own!
And so for that, I shall now stain your hands with blood, Euphemia li Britannia!

That isn't my name; I've renounced it!
There'll probably be a formal announcement issued by the homeland about it any day now, but I've given up my claim to the throne!

But why...? It isn't because you accepted Zero, is it?

Well of course, I have to pay the price for doing something so selfish; those are the consequences.

Yes, but it wasn't difficult for you to give that up, was it? And I suppose you did it for my sake.

As conceited as you ever were, but no, I did it for Nunnally.
She told me herself: "All I want is to be with my brother, and that's all that matters. I want nothing more."

For that petty reason?

That's right, Lelouch! That's how I made up my mind.
It made me stop and seriously reflect on what was truly important to me in life.
Do you understand now? I'm not giving up anything that has significant meaning or real worth to me.
And you don't need to worry. I won't tell anyone about you.

And Cornelia?

It's not like we'll never see each other again.

Euphy, you are a fool, an amazing fool.

I know I'm not as smart as you, Lelouch; I've never been able to beat you at games or studies, however--

However... and in your usual rash Euphy fashion, you've managed to end up winning all of it.
When I think of you, I don't visualize the sub-viceroy or a princess; I only see the plain little Euphy who you used to be.

Then will you join plain little Euphy and help her?

You are... you are the worst opponent I have ever faced.
You win.

Huh?

I'll amend my plans to help out your Special Zone.
But not as your subordinate, all right?

All right! Though you haven't got very much faith in me, have you?

Hmm?

Did you honestly believe that by simply threatening me I would shoot you?

Oh, no, you've got it all wrong.
When I really want people to follow my orders, they will not resist me -- whether it's to shoot me, to grant pardon to Suzaku, or any order at all.

Oh, now you're being silly. Stop playing with me.

I'm serious. For example, if told you to kill all the Japanese, it wouldn't matter how you felt about it.

No... don't make me do it, please! I'm not--
I'm not going to do it, please...!
I don't wanna kill them!
No...

Did I--?!

You're right. I have to kill all the Japanese.

I've become like Mao! -- I can't control my Geass power!
Forget the order I just gave you! Euphy!
Wait, Euphy, don't!


Right, I've reached an agreement with the Chinese Federation, therefore I should be returning to the homeland today.

Should we keep the experimental subject here then, Your Highness?

Yes. How intelligent is he?

Our resources are rather limited in Area 11.

I see. We should ask the Rosenberg Institute about that.
Very well, I'll arrange with them for you to send over the experimental subject.

Understood. Then what do we do with the ruins on Kamine Island?

We have to wait to do anything until the security situation in Area 11 has been stabilized.
We can thank the Specially Administrated Zone for that.
Owing to Euphemia, everything is going to work out perfectly.


Sub-Viceroy, where's Zero?!

Those of you who call yourselves Japanese, I have a favor to ask.
Could you all die, please?

What did she just say?

What the hell...?

Suzaku!
He's only unconscious. But why?

Umm... I was hoping you'd all just commit suicide, but you can't, can you?
Okay, soldiers, please kill the Japanese! Kill them all!

The woman's mad!

Cut the mics and cameras now!

Euphy, no!

Halt!

Out of my way!

Terrorist!

Stand aside!

Go on, soldiers. Do your duty! Hurry up!

Princess Euphemia! What on Earth's come over you?!
Please stop this at once, Your Highness, this is--

General!

Forgive me, General, but I mustn't let anyone stand in my way.
I have to kill all the Japanese.
Now Britannians, kill the Japanese!

Kill the Elevens! All troops, exterminate the Elevens!

Don't let any escape! Kill them all!

Stop! What are you doing?!
All forces, this is Suzaku Kururugi, Knight of Honor of Britannia!
Cease fire at once!

We've been ordered to kill all the Japanese here. Princess Euphemia issued the command herself.

What, Princess Euphemia did? No, that's absurd!

You're Japanese, aren't you?

What's going on?!

What happened in there?!

It can't be. What does the TV say?

EUPHY, STOP!!!
This thing... my Geass did this?!

Z--Zero...
Please help us... You must help... You're Japan's savior...

Stop it...
Don't call me your savior... because I'm not the Messiah of Japan!

Zero, you're-- you're our only hope...

Stop it...
Don't-- don't force me...
Must I atone for this sin? Is this a cross I have to bear too?!

Zero... you son of a bitch! What did you do to Princess Euphemia? Tell me!

Andreas Darlton... the closest of Cornelia's inner circle advisors.

Tamaki, what's happening inside the stadium?!

We're trying to figure that out!

We're getting a feed from the stadium now. It appears--

Why can't you cut it off?!

We're not transmitting this! It's someone else!

Stop it! It's going out live to the entire world!

They will cut off the broadcast any minute now. Let's upload the data to the Net.

You heard him.

Right.

Sir! C.C. has made contact with the Supreme Commander!

Perfect. That clears up our problem then.
I have no idea how you arranged this situation, but your scheme is gone well beyond what I had expected.

I'm shocked. I didn't think you'd go this far.

It wasn't me...

What?

This time I didn't use the power -- or I should say I didn't mean to use my Geass...

I see. Then what I felt before was--

I knew there were risks when we made our contract.
You told me how dangerous this power could be...! Nonetheless!

Yes, you're worthy of being called my child now!

Wh--what madness is this...?!

Princess Cornelia, wait!

Don't follow me unless you want to come along!

Euphy!
Have you located her yet?! Where is she?!

I don't know! We haven't been able to contact Gen. Darlton, either!

Something's dreadfully wrong. Euphemia would never do such a thing.

I wish there was room to negotiate here.
We can't be connected to Kirihara now!

We need to save ourselves first.

Yes, and the "souvenir" -- is it ready?

How pathetic...
Your survival is all that counts in all of this?

My Lady, you really shouldn't speak like that.

We need to survive for the sake of Japan as well.

But then what's the point if we're all that's left?!

Watch your tongue, Kaguya! You just go with family rank!

What purpose is having Kyoto if we don't act now?!

I can't believe Euphy would order the slaughter of all those innocent people!
I've got to find her, no matter what!

Hey, the Britannian forces have begun moving out of the stadium!

Right.
In this case, our only option is to exploit Euphemia to the utmost.
It's the least we can do...

Attention, Zero! Return that unit! It's property of our military--

This is my order to all Black Knights!
Euphemia has become our enemy!
The Specially Administrated Zone of Japan is a cowardly trap designed to lure us in!
All armored autonomous battle knight units, advance on the ceremony grounds and wage an attack!
Wipe out all Britannian forces!
Save the Japanese! Hurry!

I have to-- I must find Euphy!

Find her and kill her!



Who was the one responsible for creating this situation?
Who is the one that bears the sin for this grotesque tragedy?!
Who is the one craving for this battle?
And who is the one who possesses the world?
Yes, I understand, but even so... even so, I...!



Suzaku: 
Euphemia: 
Tohdoh: 
Diethard: 
Rakshata: 
Minami:
Tamaki:
Sugiyama:
Kallen: 
Asahina:
Ohgi: 
Viletta: 
Lelouch: 
Rivalz: 
Shirley: 
Darlton:
Nunnally: 
Sayoko: 
C.C.: 

Nina:
Bartley:
Vice Minister of Domestic Affairs:
Emperor of Britannia:
Schneizel:
Cornelia:
Gilbert:
Lloyd:
Cécile:
Kirihara:
Kaguya:
