
  In this world, evil can arise from the best intentions.
And there is good which can come from evil intentions.
How then should Lelouch's actions be taken?
Every man has his day of judgment, does he not?
Geass: he who uses this inhuman power will find his hearts isolated, whether he wants it that way or not.
Thus he plummets into the abyss that lies between good and evil.
But if a man can climb out of that abyss into the light, then that man has the soul of a king.



Lelouch:
All right. First I just wanna confirm this.
Are you my enemy or my ally?

C.C.: Where's this coming from?

Lelouch:
Mao's geass lets him give right in the someone's head and hear what he was thinking and planning.
I've got that right, don't I?

C.C.:
Yes, the way Geass manifests is different for each person.
If Mao concentrates, he can hear thoughts up to 500 meters away
and he can read clear down to your subconscious if he wants to.
For someone like you, who fights for his head, he's the worst possible enemy.

Lelouch:
500 meters... Well it doesn't really come as a surprise to me.
I knew there must be others who have the power of Geass.
Did you make a contract with him?

C.C.: 11 years ago.

Lelouch:
So he's my predecessor.
Is there some reason that this forerunner is also my enemy?

C.C.:
Mao's after me.
He may be your enemy, but he's not targeting you.

Lelouch:
Yeah, well, I can see that.
He could have reveal my true identity and told the police or the military who I am,
but the only one he told was Shirley.
Are there limits to his powers?

C.C.:
Mao's geass is very potent.
He can use it as many times as he wants and he doesn't need direct eye contact like you do.

Lelouch: Does he have any weaknesses?

C.C.:
If you press me, I guess it's that he can't turn his power off.
In a crowd he hears all the minds roiling and writhing around him, whether he wants to or not.

C.C.:
Don't worry Mao. I'm not going to die.
Mao! Mao! Are you awake Mao?
Oh Mao, How silly ...

Mao: C.C. I can't live without you. Wait for me. I'm coming to you.



Lelouch: If Mao read my mind, then he already knows my weak points and that's where he’ll strike.

Nunnally: It's been a long time since we spent time by ourselves huh?

Lelouch: You know even Sayoko needs a little time off now and again.
Starting today, I'll be staying home for a while.

Nunnally: Lately, you've been out of the house so much I was curious.
Have you found some really fun game to play or something?

Lelouch: Sort of. My current opponent is pretty hard to beat.

Nunnally: That's funny. Only our big brother Schneizel, would ever make you say something like that.



Man:
Sorry, but I can't sell you one without a permit.
It's illegal. Besides, you're from the Chinese Federation, aren't you?

Mao:
Ah.. true. But you sell them to the Black Knights last Tuesday 2300 hours.
Your contact was named Wolf, an alias, of course.

Man: Who are you?

Mao: You will kindly accommodate me, won't you now?



Lelouch: And?

C.C.: I know that you want to protect your sister and all,
but you can't just sit around here and wait for him.

Lelouch: I've got the Black Knights hunting for him.

C.C.:
What if he's not in the ghetto like you think?
What if he's right here in the Tokyo settlement?
Then you've wasted all that precious time.
You could just use me as bait.
I'm Mao's target, so I should be...

Lelouch: Tell me, if I keep using my Geass, will I become like him?
Or did he end up the way he is because he didn't fulfill his contract with you?

C.C.: The more you use your Geass, the more powerful it becomes.
Those who cannot control the power are ultimately ravaged and consumed by it.

Lelouch: And even though you know everything about that, you still offered these contracts? To me, and Mao?

C.C.: That's right.

Lelouch: You're a cruel girl.
I don't know why anyone would chase after you.
Mao couldn’t fulfill his contract with you, so you cut him loose.
What were the terms of the contract?

You're a monster.
Why didn't you finish him when you cut him off.
You should've taken his power back, or taken his life.
Because you left things half-finished, Shirley was...

C.C.: We should split up while we're dealing with Mao.
Starting today, I'll stay in the next hall.

Lelouch: You can't.
The student council and the cultural clubs meet there.

C.C.: I don't care about that. You work it out.

Suzaku: A medical checkup?

Cecile: Just regulations. It's required for all Knightmare pilots.

Suzaku: I understand.

Cecile: Good, tomorrow then, after your school gets out.

Suzaku: Right, thanks. Oh, Miss Cecile, do you know of any way I can get in to see princess Euphemia?

Cecile: Huh? You want to meet her?

Lloyd: Forget it, You have to be at least a Knight of Honor to get an audience with her.

Cecile: But an earl could arrange it, if you really want it to.

Lloyd: Who? me?

Cecile: Yes!

Suzaku: Huh? Lloyd! You are an earl? You never told me that.

Lloyd: Ha-ha, Oh, I'm so embarrassed.

Cecile: The prodigal son of nobles. He can't really separate work from play.
Suzaku: Wow...

Lelouch: You know, It will just be for a few days.
If you can keep the club house off limits. That would really help out.

Milly: Well, It's not like I can't do it.
but... Say, did someone find out you're a prince?

Lelouch: Hopefully, that secret is still safe.
Only the Ashford family knows that I'm still here and still alive.

Milly: The all-knowing Ashfords.

Lelouch: Is something wrong?

Milly: Oh Lelouch, they've got another blind date set up for me.
I may not be able to wriggle out of this one.
What do you think I should do about it?

Lelouch: Well, that is...

Shirley: Madam President!

Milly: Shirley, were you back at morning practice?

Shirley: Yeah, just started again today. It can't stay sad forever.

Milly: I should take lessons from you on positive thinking.

Shirley: What are you talking about?
You are way more...
Huh? Are you the boy from...?
Did you go to school here, too?

Milly: Are you putting me on!?

Lelouch: We're in the same classes.

Shirley: Huh? No, I don't think we are! Huh... Are we?

Lelouch: Please, that's enough now.

Girls: Shirley, we're ready to start.

Shirley: I'll be right there. See you later, prez.

Milly: What was that about?

Lelouch: We... had a little fight.

Milly: So, she is kind strangers? Oh, that is so cute.

Lelouch: Sorry, but could you play along with us till she gets over it, you know?

Milly: I guess I could. Think it'll take long?

Lelouch: Yes, I'm afraid so.



C.C.: I'm not looking for a Refrain dealer.
I said a Chinese guy named Mao. Did you here me?

Man:
Believe me, I have no idea. The only Chinese around xxx push xxx is gang labor
Go ask cops or something.

C.C.: I don’t like cops.

Man:
Then ask the Black Knights about him.
They'are all of the underworld. They wire into the settlement and the ghettos.

C.C.: Everyone tells me the same thing.

Man: ‘Cause it’s obvious.

Shirley: Huh? That’s strange. Where is it?

Girl: What’s matter, Shirley? What are you looking for?

Shirley: My diary. It’s gone. I can’t find it anywhere. Hah, Did you take it somewhere?

Girl : Of course not.



Inoue: Right, I’m sorry, Zero. We haven’t found this Mao guy yet.

Lelouch: I see.

Inoue: Should we check our contacts in the Kyoto network?

Lelouch: No, just stay with Kanto block. If you come up any leads, let me know.

Inoue: Yes, we’ll do.

Lelouch:
All right. I’ll get back to you.
If I get within 500 meters of Mao, he can read my mind. That’s what he wants.
But knowing that, I should be able to guess his next move.
I could put him in check if I had just one...

C.C.: Missing piece?
You and I are thinking exactly the same thing.

Lelouch: So it seems...

C.C.: Then we should work together on this, don't you agree?

Lelouch: I do.

RRRRRRRRR

Lelouch: Yes?

Mao: It's me, Lulu.
C.C.'s there, too, isn't she?
I wanna talk to her alone. Put her on.



Villetta: Ah...

Ohgi: Are you waking up now?

Villetta: Yes...

Ohgi: What were you doing in that place, passed out like that?
What you’re name?

Villetta: I am... My name is.. What is my name...?

Ohgi: You don’t remember? What about Zero? You are talking about him before?

Villetta: Who’s Zero?

Ohgi: Ah... What am I doing? I practically betray him and why...

Villetta: But I don’t know anything. Oh, nothing at all.

Ohgi: Sorry I was able to undress you with my eye closed. But getting clothes back on wasn’t so... But I turned up heat, so I thought you’d be all right.

Villetta: Hmm. Thank goodness.

Ohgi: Ah...?

Villetta: Anyone could have picked me up out there, but I got someone nice.

Ohgi: Hah...?



C.C.:
You should be happy about this, Lelouch.
We're finally going our separate ways.
I made up with Mao.

Lelouch: You're betraying me?

C.C.:
Are you actually saying that?
When were you my friend? Never.
We were just co-conspirators, that's all.

Lelouch: Wait.

C.C.:
Wow, here's a surprise.
You sound just like Mao.

Lelouch:
C.C., you know way too much about me now.
I can't let you walk away like this.
Don't go! C.C., stay here with me!

C.C.:
Geass does not work on me.
Didn't I mention that?
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone about you.
You can keep your Geass, too.
And Mao won't bother you anymore.
He'll never cross your path.
So all your obstacles are gone.
Congratulations and farewell.



Doctor:
The test results came out fine, though you seems to pay extreme attention to discipline and to weighing the value of human life.

Suzaku: Is that going to cause problems?

Doctor:
These are the positive traits for a soldier.
Do you think subconsciously you are comparing yourself to your father?
That may be the underlying cause of your insecurity. It’s quite common in the children of famous people. Your father Genbu Kururugi, the former prime minister of Japan. He was a great man.



Chiba: Urabe and others are late.

Asahina: Well this sure is an ironic meeting place, isn’t it? The grave of Prime Minister Kururugi?

Chiba: The traitor who told us to fight to the end, then commit suicide himself.

Todo: Enough! General Katase also committed suicide and he was a true patriot.

Britannia force:
Fugitive Todo, identified. All unit, prepared to move in.
Yes, my load.


Lelouch:
Yes, I’ve read through your proposal for reorganizing the Black Knights.
I’ve got a few changes, but overall I like where you're going with this. I’ll run it by Ohgi tomorrow.

Diethald: Thanks. I appreciate that.

Lelouch:
Next draft, I’d like you to insert a chart that forecasts how the cells-base structure will be implemented. That’s all.

Diethald:
So that was the final test. I guess I passed.

Lelouch:
Diethald, though he’s Britannian, he’s proving even more useful than I’d hoped.
Still he could be a spy. I can’t rule that out yet.
Um.. Right, he recorded it then.



Mao:
C.C., your mind is so quiet.
It's the only one I can't read.
You really are the best there is!

C.C.:As childish as ever, I see.

Mao: I'm a prince on a white stallion, and a prince has to rescue the princess.
Does that make you happy, C.C.?

C.C.: Mao, we talked about this before.
I told you that you and I...

Mao: Those were all lies. Lies.
C.C., you love me and this is how I know.

C.C.: Thank you, Mao. Mao, Mao.
Stop it.

Mao: Be quiet.

C.C.:
Don't listen to them.
Just listen to the sound of my voice.
That's it.
Since my mind is the only one you can't read, and you can only be happy when you're with me.
I'll stay with you always.
Yes, I'm right here.
So you don't need to worry.

Mao:
C.C., you're the only one! The only one I want forever.
Lelouch doesn't matter at all.
If you just come with me...

C.C.: Stop it! I should’ve done this a long long time ago.



Mao: It's me C.C.

C.C.: Mao.

Mao:
I'll be at Clovis Land.
Come alone.

C.C.: You're selfish as ever, I see.

Mao:
If you don't come, I'll just have to tell the police who Lelouch really is.
I can have him eliminated anytime I want.

C.C.:
You should be happy about this, Lelouch.
We're finally going our separate ways.

Lelouch:
She comes and goes like the wind.
I can't read her.
I can't fathom how such a twisted girl thinks. Idiot!



Mao:
I knew it. I knew you couldn't pull the trigger.
That's 'cause you really love me, C.C!

C.C.:
You're wrong!
I was just using you right from the start.

Mao:
What are you saying?
You shouldn't tell lies like that. You really shouldn't.
Lies are very very wicked. Wicked lies!

Don't worry... I understand...
C.C. you must listen to me.
I've build a big brand-new house in Australia, a very quiet, white, immaculate special house.
But to get to Australia, you'll need to take in airplane and there isn't very much room.
The thing is, C.C., you're a little too big to bring on a plane.
So that's why..., I'm going to make you compact. It’ll take little time at all.

C.C.:
Is this your revenge?
You're punishing me?

Mao:
Oh, no, I'm not.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not at all.
I'm showing you my gratitude.

Lelouch:
So this is the place that you picked.
A place where there'd be no one else’s thoughts to bother you.
That narrowed it way down.

Mao: Lelouch

Lelouch:
Since your Geass has the total maximum range of 500 meters.
It can't reach me here at Tokyo Tower.

Mao:
That's true. That's very true.
But what can you do from so far away, hmm?
After taking all that trouble to hack into the system, what's your grand plan?
A remote-control attack with some battery-operated toys, or a tongue-lashing to lecture me into submission?
Ah, cat got your tongue now?
If you want C.C., then you're gonna have to come ...

Lelouch:
Mao, think! You don't believe C.C. is her real name, do you?
She never even whispers it to anyone.

Mao: Huh?

Lelouch:
But I know it, though. She told me her true name.

Mao:
Is that right, C.C.?
You never told me, ever ever.
But you told it to him?

Lelouch:
You know why?
Because C.C. is mine.
C.C. belongs to me in every possible way.

Mao:
No. She doesn't. She doesn't. She doesn't. She doesn't.
She was mine long before she met you.

Lelouch:
I have gained every single thing from her, including all of the part that you have never seen,
all of them...

Mao:
Lelouch...
Face me!
Lelouch, Come here. Come here.
I can look into your mind.
I'll see the truth. I'll see what a liar you are. Liar.

Lelouch: Mao, you’ve lost.

Mao:
What are you talking about?
I won’t care . I’m gonna be with C.C.

Is that Lelouch? But he’s too far away.
Sounds... everywhere... all those voices.

Police: Hold it right there. Drop the weapon and surrender!

Mao: What are they doing here?

Police: Remain where you are! Drop out your weapon and raise your hands.

Mao: It’s the police. Who contacted them?

C.C.: Lelouch, what are you doing here?

Mao: It can't be.
He was just at Tokyo tower. He can't be here now.

Lelouch:
Are you that slow?
That was all a recording.

Mao: That's a lie.
You, you were talking to me, answering me.

Lelouch:
Your thoughts are simple.
Since you read minds, you've never resorted to cunning.

Mao:
You predicted every one of answers?
Don't play game with me, punk!
If the cop arrests me, I’ll be back out in a heartbeat!

Mao: Shut up. Just stop talking me!

Lelouch:
C.C. told me you can't turn off your Geass.
And your reach is erratic.
If you don't concentrate, your range gets very short.

Mao:
So do you used the monitor to keep me distracted?
Even so, I can still defeat you.
I'll have you ruined.

Lelouch: The moment you try is the moment you die.

C.C.:
Lelouch, wait.
If I talk to him. I can get through.

Mao:
You think I'll die?
Listen, cops. You know who that guy is?
He's the terrorist you want. He....

Police: Fire!!

C.C: Oh, Mao...

Mao: Zero...


C.C.:
Mao was only six years old when I made my contract with him.
He was an orphan who'd never known the love of the parent.
He couldn't read or write and knew nothing of good and evil.

Police:
This is Echo-3.
I've released the hostage into the ghetto as ordered.

What?
Your orders were to take her into the hospital.

C.C.:
When I gave the geass power to Mao, it isolated him.
In his mind, I became his only friend and his lover, though I was still a perfect stranger.
I'm the only one he even thought of as human.
I was Mao's entire world.

Lelouch:
C.C., listen to me.
I won't let Geass destroy me.
And I will conquer its power and bend it to my will, and use it to change the world.
I'll fulfill your desire and my own.
Then I will complete the contract that he couldn't achieve.
So please...

C.C.:
Lelouch, tell me.
Are you trying to comfort me? Pity me?
Or is this part of your obsession?

Lelouch:
It's a contract.
This time, it's from me to you.

C.C.: Very well then. I accept your contract.


Next Episode:
Now is the time to move forward to smash Cornelia and get the truth, and make a place for Nunnally in this world. These tiny battle fields are meaningless now.
We are taking over the Tokyo settlement. We’ll expand our military might and extend our contacts. I’ll use every piece in the game.
  