
  Where's the Lancelot?
Zero!
It's no use. I can't remember anything.

Where am I?



STAGE 19: ISLAND OF THE GODS



Just as I thought. This is another island.

The vegetation and climate are the same as Shikine Island. We can't be that far from it.

There's no way to contact anyone without an in-com.
But what's more important right now is to find a source of drinkable water and shelter.
Kallen? It can't be. Excuse me!

Suzaku?

A Black Knight uniform?! You mean that you're a--!
I don't believe it. It's really you?

Kallen! Kallen Stadtfeld! I don't believe it! You're one of--

Don't call me by that name!
Kallen Kouzuki's my real name! I'm Japanese!

You're kidding. Then you really are--

Yes, I'm a Black Knight! Got it? I'm not going to hide that anymore!

Well then, Kallen Kouzuki, I'm placing you under arrest for conspiracy and rebellion against Britannia!


Tch. Contacting Ohgi and the others is going to be a chore.
Although I suppose I could pass myself off as an ordinary person and ask the Britannian forces to rescue me.


I see. And you don't know what happened either.
When you came to, you find yourself on this island. Is that right?

Humph... So then you're stranded here too, huh? Serves you right.
When my people get here, you're the one who'll be a prisoner.

You mean Zero will come to save you?

Without a doubt.

Okay, before he does, tell me one thing. Tell me who he really is.

Why don't you find out for yourself?

Oh, I see. You don't know either.

How did--?

I knew it.

You tricked me?!

Isn't masking one's identity a bigger fraud?
I'm curious -- why do you follow Zero?

I don't know. Figure that out for yourself!


Lelouch.
Lelouch, it's you, isn't it?
I haven't told anyone about you, I swear!
Please, before you shoot, let me at least see your face...
Lelouch!


Underground probe radar team, move from section D to section F.

Find her! Whatever it takes, find Princess Euphemia!
Why couldn't she behave the way a sub-viceroy figurehead is expected to?!
What a situation. If Princess Cornelia hears about this...!


Oh, my! Who would have imagined a floating aircraft carrier!
You told me to gather data before practical application, correct?

Because I'm extremely interested in whatever you create.
I needed to see if this could be made real.

And the Hadron Cannon?

We wanted to know if the thing worked.
I've been looking forward to meeting you, Ms. Cécile Croomy. I am...

Prince Schneizel? Right here?

You impudent little--! How dare you look down upon the second prince of the empire!

G--General Bartley!

Nice one.

You're not injured, I hope.
Yes, I am Prince Schneizel el Britannia. Please, give me your hand.

Yes...

Gah... she's unworthy!

General, you're quite the devoted subject, aren't you?

Primarily because the prince is the one who commuted my sentence and saved me from being chained up deep beneath Temple Tower!

I wish you'd stop thinking of me so formally.
You've been a great help to me in this current matter, as you were to my brother Clovis.
It is I who am grateful to you.

M--My Lord!

Please, Bartley...
Now, my lady Cécile, if you'll excuse me.

Y--Your Highness!

Farewell.

You can wait for me at the base, Cécile.

Huh? Where are you going?

Just a little errand. While I'm doing that, I'll use the Avalon to look for Suzaku.

It's hard to find devicers like that young man, especially after yesterday's exploits.

Please wait! Were those orders yesterday issued by the prince?!

Silence! You don't want to be in contempt of royalty, do you?!

Those orders were mine, Ms. Cécile. I also fired the Hadron.
Even in a situation like that, priorities mustn't be forgotten.
Besides, if something anomalous happened, we would have still been able to rescue him.
That's what I gambled on.
He is after all Suzaku Kururugi, ace pilot of the Special Corps and Euphy's knight.

Yes, My Lord! I understand now, and I sorely regret my rudeness.
I accept any punishment you decree.

Nonsense. It's my fault for not protecting my subordinates.
Can you ever forgive me?


When did you figure it out?

Back during the hotel jacking.

I see... At that time I said too much without thinking.

Still, I wasn't convinced until now.

I'm naive, as well. Even so, why didn't you discuss it with Cornelia?

I didn't because my sister never listens to me.
Besides that... I think things are depressing enough as they are.
Nunnally -- how is she?

She's living with me, but she's still blind and crippled.

The hatred you must feel for us.

I only want to find out one thing -- do you know anything about the circumstance in which my mother was murdered?

I'm sorry. It seems my sister's investigated it extensively, though.

Cornelia thought a lot about Lady Marianne and really looked up to her.
May I ask you something now?

Hm?

Are you... Zero? Or... or are you...?

I'm Lelouch.
Yeah... Here and now, I'm Lelouch, the brother that you know, Euphy.

Oh, Lelouch...
I believe feeling relieved has made me hungry.
Are you sure that this will work?

From the paw prints and droppings, I can tell that wild animals use this path...!
I plan to set up a trap that dates back to medieval times...!

Oh...


Gotcha!

Oh wow, you're not bad at that.

Do you wanna try it too?
I'll tell you what -- I'll let you loose if you promise to help me find food. Is that a deal?

Hmph. You're not gonna win me over, so why try? What do you take me for?

Man, you're stubborn!
You're not anything like the way you are at school.


Even using... a lever...

Why don't you let me help you with that?

Manual... labor isn't... for a... royal princess...
Don't worry. My method's perfect.

Well, I suppose. I could go and search for something like fruit, okay?

Be careful, Euphy.

Right!


Enemy battleship has passed us.

You've gotta be kidding.
A battleship that can hover in midair? That's great.

We can't remain in this area any longer -- the risk is too great. We should pull out of here.

Mmm-hmm.

Ohgi, I disagree. We ought to at least stay put and look for Zero.

He has a point.

But we can't send out a search party in this situation.
Even though we're able to hide, thanks to Rakshata, there's no guarantee Zero and Kallen are still alive.
One wrong step and we threaten the very existence of our organization.

What do you mean?
It's entirely the other way around: this entire organization is built around Zero!

It's not a group without members.
The way you speak, you sound like a typical Britannian to me!

All right then, answer me this.
We have followers of almost every ideology under the sun gathered here.
Yet how is it that the whole lot of them can cooperate and work together toward the same goal?
Because of the results we get?
Tell me, who is it that gets us those results?!

I'll be the first to admit that he does, but is he worth the lives of everyone?

At times the life of a single man is worth more than those of a million!
I thought that would be common sense to a soldier!

You dare say that here?

Easy, guys...

Oh, all right, then I'll tell you. He's very much alive.

We've no time for your wishful thinking!

The information's true -- I simply know it.

Oh, you're an oracle now?!
I told you to shut your trap and get some training on a Knightmare, you dumbass!

Dumbass? Oh, really? It's been ages since anyone's dared to refer to me in such a rude manner.

Like Zero's mistress has any right to get uppity with us!

I said you were wrong. You're a man who only has vulgar ideas.

You've got a lot of nerve talking to your superior like that!

Look, this whole conversation's got out of hand!
Okay, how about this?
We hang in a safe zone, an ocean area just outside of detection range, where we can wait until the end of tomorrow.
How does that sound for a time limit?

All right.

Well, I suppose we have no choice.

For heaven's sake! I was forced to talk with that boring little man thanks to your silly prank.
You sent Kallen to the island?
You have very poor taste for being such an imperious observer.



What's wrong? They're quite tasty!
I'm sure you'll be able to make your pitfall trap tomorrow.


Ohh, I can't eat another bite! Boy, am I stuffed.

So is this a glimpse of what you're really like?

Yeah. You wanna make something of it?

No, I think it's charming to see you so much livelier than you are at school.
Kallen, leave the Black Knights.
It's not too late.
A captured terrorist never winds up with a happy ending.

I thought you weren't so bad, then you show your true colors.
Well, that won't work!
I happen to be the captain of Zero's elite guard.
And in fact, I've fought you in my Knightmare.

Were you that red one?

Yeah, and even if I lose my life doing it, I'll beat that Knightmare of yours someday.

Using Zero's methods offers no future.

And what about your future then?!
To just live the life of a conqueror's subjugated lapdog, an honorary Britannian?
Or to be the knight of the third princess?
Hah!
The name of Genbu Kururugi, the Last Samurai, weeps!
I'm not you! This world is wrong, and I'm trying to change it!
If I don't... If I don't, my brother's death will have been for nothing.
That's my reason for fighting... and I'll do whatever it takes to win!

Kallen, the truth is... I killed my father.
My father didn't commit suicide.
I took his life... with this hand...


The stars haven't changed, have they? They were the same back then.
Long ago, we all used to gaze up at the stars together.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could live like that again?
I'd be so happy then.
Can't we go back to that?

Yes, you're right. It would be so good to just go back to how things were.


Zero is a lot like my father.
He firmly believes that the entire world revolves around him.
That's why he's able to justify spilling the blood of so many people.

That's why you accept the way things are now?! You call that peace?!
Some things are more important than your life, you know!

It isn't that I want you to give up.
I just want you to ask yourself.
When you gain results the wrong way, what are you left with in the end?
Only dark regret and a deep emptiness that have nowhere to go.

Then explain something...
What higher purpose did the death of my brother serve?
Who gets to sit in judgment?
Who decides whether it's right or wrong?


Euphy... Even for me to survive...


Even struggling with my shame, I still search for a reason to go on living.
I'm a disgrace.


We couldn't find Maj. Kururugi washed ashore on the other islands, so it's obvious we should look here.

We'll send a search party out in the morning.

Hmm... And this must be what you mentioned?

Yes! We uncovered it when the Shinjuku incident occurred.

Ah... Yes, I can see why this would've attracted Clovis' interest.


Are you sure you really saw a light?

Yeah, I'm positive.


It must be a search party.
Once we learn who it is, we'll know how to deal with them.

Deal with them?


A Thought Elevator, you say?
I'm afraid archeology isn't my strong suit, especially this paranormal stuff.

Why, you... Show some respect!

As I was saying, this is way outside of my field.
I wish you could've asked Cécile about this instead.

Please don't complain so much.
My father is infatuated with this as well. Isn't that right, Bartley?

Yes. We've found artifacts similar to these in a number of places around the world.
Except for this one that I discovered, all the other sites are directly under imperial control.
This is mere speculation on my part, but I think the real reason we're invading other countries is to obtain these objects!

And so, in order to analyze this ancient occult data, you're going to use the Gawain's Druid System, untuned prototype that it is?

That's why we called you in.

AH-HAH!


I think it was around here.

Lelouch, if it is a search party, then will our time be over here?

Yes, it will.

I'm such an undependable knight -- I couldn't even capture you any food.
And besides, that's a job reserved for a real knight -- your knight, Suzaku Kururugi.
Mind if I ask you? Why choose an honorary Britannian?

Well, I...

What are those two doing together?!

Suzaku!

P--Princess Euphemia!

Don't move! This girl is my prisoner!

Zero!

Just follow my cue.
I'll take back my subordinate you have there! We'll exchange prisoners!

Zero! Once again, you--

Keep back!
Hmph! You find my actions cowardly?
Eliminate terrorists, no matter what the sacrifice.
Do you intend to follow this rule and let your mistress die?!
In spite of the fact that your integrity has already been broken?

Leave him alone!

Shut up, you royal puppet! You're useless!
You can't think for yourself or do anything on your own!

What?!
I'm not afraid of you, and I don't care what happens to me! Suzaku, I command you to fight!

Your Highness!

With pleasure!

You hardheaded fool!

Oh, not good...

My Lord, please save yourself!

Maj. Kururugi! And is that... Zero?

Don't you, you fools!
Princess Euphemia's with them! Capture them! Capture them!

Look, Zero, that's a Knightmare over there!

Perfect! We'll use that! Let's go!

Right!

Suzaku!
Suzaku, what is it? What's wrong?

This is good! Not only unmanned, but activated too!

Form a wall in front of Princess Euphemia! Hurry!

What kind of Knightmare is this...?
It's my lucky day!
Schneizel!

So that's him? That's Zero?

Ah! The Gawain!

Stop that woman now! Get the machine back! We can't allow it to fall into Zero's hands!

Schneizel... next time!

Alert 1! Alert 1!

Sutherlands are blocking our exit!

Hang on tight! I'm going through them!

Huh?!

Disappear.
Damn! The weapons are incomplete!

Zero! Reinforcements!

Don't be worried yet! Another system is operational.

We're flying?! This Knightmare can fly!

The Gawain! Our beautiful prize Gawain!

Well, it was only a test model.
Aside from that, I'm thankful you're both all right.

Oh, Schneizel, I missed you!

Dear Euphy, I'm sorry it took us so long.

No, it's all right.

Your Highness, shall we keep to the schedule?

Hm? Oh, right.
Maj. Suzaku Kururugi, you're under arrest for a violation of military regulations.

What's the meaning of this?! Maj. Kururugi is my knight! You can't do--

This is something I can take care of later. For now, let them be.

Did something happen?

I've contacted Ohgi! We'll rendezvous with them out at sea.

Right! And... one other thing. The Guren Mk-II?

It was recovered. You may thank Asahina and Chiba for that.

Yes, sir!

Suzaku, forgive me.
I never intended to use the power on you, but...
LIVE!

Maj. Kururugi, follow your orders!

Shut up! Who cares about them?! I HAVE TO LIVE!

I have no idea how you got out of the Lancelot, but you blew a golden opportunity to put an end to Zero in order to save your own life according to this.
Are you going to protest this evidence?

Was that... really me?

This is nothing less than an insubordination!

Kururugi did that?!

Yes. The details are unknown.

Dammit, just when I thought we had nailed the lid on Ishikawa...

Your Highness!

What now, Guilford?

The enemy has destroyed the Great Kamon Bridge in Kyushu block!

What?!
They also cut off vehicle access at four other points, and large numbers of assault landing craft are moving into the Genkai Sea!

The Chinese Federation?! But have they made a declaration of war?

No, Highness! The craft are bearing the flag of Japan!



What was Schneizel doing on that island?
Was there something hidden in that area?
And Euphy... I think I can trust you for now, but I also need to consider what happened with Kallen and Suzaku.
No! First, we have to deal with Kyushu!
That will determine our future -- the future of both the Black Knights and myself!
  