
  The young Britannian Lelouch is faced with a choice between two divergent paths:
One leads to the past, in a quest to find his mother's enemies.
The other way takes him to the future, where he will create a world in which his little sister Nunnally can live happily.
Only Lelouch can choose which direction he will go.
Will he follow the path that ends in destruction of the world, or will he travel the road to building a bright new one?



STAGE 17: KNIGHT



Suzaku... I finally understand. You...
Suzaku, what Mao said...
Did you do it? Did you kill your own father?
I see. It's not just your secret, is it?

Lelouch, I...

Kirihara -- I think that was the old man's name.
He claimed that Prime Minister Genbu Kururugi killed himself in order to stop all of those in his cabinet who called for do-or-die resistance.
The story was a necessary one, for Japan and Britannia.

Thank you for that.

Frankly, he's at odds with himself because he used to be different.
He never placed any importance on another person.
It was tough enough for me to kill my half-brother.
If Suzaku killed his father when he was only ten years old, he's been carrying that burden around all these years?

C'mon, Lelouch, quit moving around, will ya?!

O--oh, sorry guys.

No, your sight line was lower.

Like this?

No. Too far, a little higher!

Good?

Now your expression's totally different from when we started!
This was like this, that went kinda like that, and this was here!
There!

That's not how he was!

I liked the frowny face more!

C'mon, everyone! I prefer him looking clueless!

Shirley, don't we have math for first period?

Don't you remember, it's Art Week. Prince Clovis had declared that.


We will open Art Week with the dedication of the Clovis Memorial Museum of Art.
You, Princess Euphemia, will select the first place winner from among these submitted works.

Oh, this one's nice! I particularly like this painting.

It's regrettable that our investigation revealed that the artist happens to be one-quarter Eleven.

Perhaps it shouldn't have been displayed here in the first place then.

Well, it's a delicate balance with our public.
Anyway, take a look at that painting right there.
It was painted by the son of Marquess Nicolai.


Octopus hot dogs...
Hmm, that girl...

Excuse me.

Hmm?! No, these aren't what you think!

We have visitors. They also have an introduction from Kyoto.

You're the... Four Holy Swords.

I'll get straight to the point here: we've come to you today to ask for your help.

How do you mean?

Lt. Col. Tohdoh has been apprehended.
He sacrificed himself so that we could escape.

I see. We'll help them.

You sure?

The Black Knights fight for the cause of justice. There's nothing odd about that.
We'll use assembly method B-13.
Take the section Knightmares via course 18.
You can have Diethard handle it. Also alert those who are to rendezvous with us.

Sorry I didn't meet with the Chinese Federation.

Don't worry about it. I've revised all our plans with them.
Making any chances in your usefulness to me will only hinder the plan.
Besides, two chess pieces I've been wanting will be mine today.
And with any luck, a third...


Today, Kyoshiro Tohdoh will be executed.

I won't be present for that now that the Japan Liberation Front is defunct.

Right.

No, wait.
Let him handle the execution.

Viceroy!

Sorry to summon you like this. How's everything at the museum?

The dedication is later on.
Of greater importance though, the N.A.C. reported there was unrest in Ishikawa.

Probably backed by the E.U. or the Chinese Federation.
And there have also been sightings of Gun-Rus. (ガン・ルゥ 鋼髏 Gang Lou)
Still, it's our chance to bring Hokuriku under control.
I'll leave Darlton here while I'm gone. If anything happens, consult him.
Also, concerning what we spoke of earlier...
You may choose any of them to be your knight.
They're all excellent soldiers from respected families.


Yes, the pond does freeze solid in the winter.
Although Big Brother scolded me once when he caught me skating on it.

We had a pond too at the Kururugi Shrine. It was small, but I used to catch zarigani... I--I mean, crawdads, all the time.

You would catch crawdads? How?

It's simple -- you just tie a string to a frog's back leg.

Huh? Frog? As in those things that sit on lily pads and go croak?

Yeah, but in Japanese they go "kero-kero, kero-kero."

Huh? Kero?

Yup. Kero-kero!

If things continue at this pace and keep proceeding according to plan, I won't be able to stay with Nunnally any longer.
That affair with Mao also drove home the fact that I need someone to protect my little sister.
Whoever that person will be, if Nunnally is the one who gives him a reason to live, then...

L--Lelouch?

I need to... tell you--

Suzaku!
Lloyd says it's urgent!

Who's that?

She's a soldier.

Friends of yours?

Yes.

I'm sorry, but I need to pull Suzaku away from you for a while.

Uh, but I'm...

Don't worry. I told you it's all right. That guy isn't going to come back here.

Right. See you then.

Please come again, Suzaku.

I will.

Suzaku!

Huh?

When you return, there's something that I want to discuss. It's an important matter.

Uh-oh. I'm nervous. I'll talk to you when I get back.

Well, it seems that Suzaku's really important to them. I'm glad.

Nunnally... you seem fond of Suzaku. Am I right?

I adore him.

But of course, I love you more than anyone, Lelouch.

I see.


Shirley, I'm gonna go on ahead.

Oh, just wait up, will you?
Oh, great...
Hm?


Sub-Viceroy, Is it true that no Eleven companies were used in the construction of this museum?

W--well, with regard to that question, I--

We're looking into it right now, so we have no answer at this time.

Idiot! Why bother asking Princess Euphemia about politics?!

Keriman from Interstate. Your Highness, there have been rumors lately that you're close to choosing your knight.

Uh, um, a knight. Yes, well, you see, I'm--

Ladies and gentlemen, we ask that you please limit your questions to those concerning the museum only.


I told you not to bunch up all the hydro lines in one place!

That's why I said it was different from a Burai!

Are you sure it's a good idea to throw in with the Black Knights?

Can you think of any other way to rescue Col. Tohdoh?

There's also what Kyoto said, that they'd lend us the new models.

Still, their principles seem to be somewhat off.

We're not ethnocentric, but after all, you already know that.

We can worry about the details after we've rescued the colonel.

I understand. But no matter where Tohdoh may be, it's the place I belong.

Look, just stuff 'em in and close the lid for crying out loud! It's almost time to move out!

Take your time and treat it with the utmost care!
It was far more fragile than any of you when I gave birth to it!

Huh?! Who the hell are you?!

I am its mother!

You arrived on time.

Are you Zero? It's a pleasure. I've heard a lot of things about you.

The pleasure is all mine, Rakshata. I've been reading about you on the net for some time now.

You have?

The articles relating to medical cybernetics.

I do hate talking about the past. Anyway, here.

Hm?

A souvenir from Kyoto.

Excuse me, is this really going to improve the interfacing system?

No, of course not.

Huh?!

It's going to improve your life expectancy.


I just heard they changed your executioner.
It's going to be Warrant Officer Suzaku Kururugi. You ought to be glad it's someone you know.


What? You mean my signature again?

Even though Princess Cornelia ordered this, there are still some formalities to be followed.
A change of executioner is the most exceptional circumstances.

What was that?!
What happened?!

Good. Now we're free of hellish paperwork.

Colonel, we're coming to save you!

These Gekkas are awesome! Way superior to the Burais!

Yeah, you got that right!

Hmm... You think the sub-weaponry's linkage isn't tight enough?

No, however I suspect it might be the line.

I'm reading a 0.7 variance to specs.

Obviously those old codgers in Kyoto need to supply us with better parts.

Hmm?


My superiors have just ordered that you be unofficially executed before you're busted out of here.
Any last words?

It's a life I gave up once before. It's worth nothing.

In that case, I'll claim your life for myself!

What the?!

Zero.

Kyoshiro Tohdoh, the only Japanese who, seven years ago, brought the mighty Britannian forces to their knees in defeat.

You mean Itsukushima? You want me to perform a miracle for you as well?

That was no miracle. It ended in victory because it was based on excellent intelligence work!
That's why I want you.

I pledged my loyalty to Gen. Katase. Now that he's dead, I wish to die too.

Don't be a coward!

What?!

You must take responsibility! Responsibility for the miracle that you made!



The Area 11's resistance movement is more intense than that of any other Area because Japan surrendered before exhausting all of its military strength.
You failed to continue the great hope known as the Miracle of Itsukushima!

You're saying it's my fault?

Yes. People grasp at illusions because they're desperate for miracles.
Why else has there been such rampant use of Refrain?
You must endeavor! To the bitter end beyond all that's decent, and then you can die!
Till the name of Tohdoh the Miracle has grown ragged and tattered!

You're telling me that the Japanese people can't accept their defeat until then?

Till now they had to accept it.
However, now that I'm here there's hope because I can likely turn their dreams into reality.

Heh...


And now for the highlight of today's events, Princess Euphemia will select the grand prize winner.
The work upon which you place this flower will be deemed the winner, Your Highness.


Colonel!

Welcome back, Col. Tohdoh!

Thank you. You've all worked so hard for this.

No effort at all, sir.

Cooperate with Zero! Eliminate the remaining forces here!

Roger!

Now all the tasks at hand have been cleared, and Nunnally's knight has already been chosen. That leaves only--

Damn! What's he doing here?!

Well, how convenient -- the one problem left to contend with has come here on his own.


Please, Your Highness. It's time for you to decide. We can't wait any longer.

I know, but I...
But I...

Hello?

Escaped?


They're skilled fighters.

Oh, my... Aren't those new enemy models amazing? However, Ms. Cécile...

Yes?

In hindsight, it's certainly quite fortunate that the Lancelot's trailer is our primary means of transport.

No, it's because you spent our entire budget on the Lancelot itself. That's hindsight.


That's it? The white Knightmare that's given such trouble to Zero?

Huh? Yeah.

Hmm...


That's crazy! One against seven?

But that Lancelot Knightmare is holding its own!

Whoa, it dodged it!

Wow, and again!

You show 'em, White Knight!

Listen, send in everything we've got. Then support Kururugi, and make him report that we're wiping out the terrorists.


Zero, do you have any data available on this unit?

Possibly. However, I want you to do exactly as I say.

Ah, very well. I'll defer to you in this.

All units, give him distance!
Its speed and maneuverability are truly astonishing. Nevertheless...
Its movements follow a predictable pattern!
Its initial attack is always straight on! It never feints that first move!
Once you dodge that attack, he immediately moves to avoid your offensive!
Check the data I'm sending you!
S-5-7!

Hey. He's really doing it.

Right! So now the next move he makes will be... falling back to the rear! Coordinates: X-2-3!
And with that... check!

I know this!

Who dares to anticipate my moves? No matter.

Damn it! He doesn't have an ejection block on it!

What? You mean we didn't install one?!

No way...

Is that really you... Suzaku?!

Wha--?! Huh?!
Zero, what now?!
Give us our next instructions! Zero!

All this time it was him...?
Suzaku...!

Hey, isn't that?!

That's Suzaku Kururugi!
The one accused of killing Prince Clovis?!

That's enough! Turn off the monitor, now!

Wait, please!

What?!

I'd like to watch it to the end!

Good, I can still pilot!

Do not do this, Suzaku!

Col. Tohdoh!

So then... you wanna live more than you wanna follow your own principles?!

Do I disappoint you?
Very well, then keep to your schedule and execute me!

But why...?
Why are you there... You can't be because you... have to be by Nunnally's side!

What's wrong?! That's the reason you're here, isn't it?!
You have become a cowardly boy who's afraid of altering the status quo!

Denying everything in our society is pointless!
Once I make them trust me, I'll have the power to change it!

You're serious?!

I'm dead serious!

Then you must continue down that path!
Regardless whether you win or lose, you will achieve nothing unless you're prepared to sacrifice everything!
And that goes for countries as well as individuals!

Right!

Zero, do we do?! Capture him, or--? Zero!

We're destroying the white Knightmare! Got that?

Wait for Zero's orders!

We're not waiting! Capt. Senba, take Spinning Life or Death Formation!

Roger!

Don't do it!

No, wait! Stand down!

Don't worry! It's a synchronized four-way attack! He'll never dodge it!

Mmm, Kururugi, release the harken booster quickly!
The password's my favorite food!

It can't--!

No way!

Huh?!

Are you okay?

Interesting fighting style he uses!

This time, Asahina, circle around to the left!

Stop it!

Zero?!

We've done enough fighting for now.
We've achieved our objective here. Use escape route 3!
Withdraw immediately!

An unwinnable battle's not the same as a lost battle.
You seem to be very aware of that, Zero.

Wait!

Now releasing chaff smoke!

Look, they're running!

He fought them off?! The Black Knights?!

Suzaku... well done.

Damned traitor! Why won't he follow them?!

'Cuz they're Elevens, like him.

Of course! I thought one against seven was a bit much to swallow.

Princess Euphemia?

All of you!
I'll now answer the question you asked me earlier!
You had inquired as to whom I would select to serve as my knight, correct?
The knight I had chosen will be the young man you see before you: Warrant Officer Suzaku Kururugi!

Tohdoh, I--I'm your...
I am your foe!

Hey, isn't Zero coming out?

No. I called him, but he won't answer.

What's wrong?



Suzaku Kururugi... is he my enemy?
The man who I intended to be Nunnally's protector is now Euphemia's knight.
The Black Knights stand ready for battle, but am I ready for this?
Must I carry on regardless?
So that I can reshape the world into what I want it to be.
  