





























Lelouch: Really?
Rivals: Yeah. Really.
Euphemia: Are you alright, young lady?
Urabe: Why would the masses flock around those who saved Euphemia?
Senba: Even Kyoto has said that they would send the Black Knights the Guren MK II.
Asahina: To those would-be Robin Hoods?
Chiba: They're not part of the resistance. Killing Kusakabe was proof of that.
Urabe: The colonel killed himself, didn't he?
Senba: Well, I hear they didn't try to stop him. In any case, lieutenant colonel Todo, we can't let this stand.
Kallen's mother: Mistress Kallen, mistress Kallen.
Kallen: Madam president?
Milly: I just dropped by to give you something.
Kallen: Huh?
Kallen's mother: Where would you like me to show her to? The parlor perhaps. or maybe...
Kallen: We'll be in my room.
Kallen's mother: As you wish.

Kallen: You're the one who enjoying dad not being around here, aren't you.
Stepmother: Uh...
Kallen's mother: Oh dear, what have I done.
Stepmother: What's wrong with you!
Kallen's mother: Forgive me, milady, forgive me.

Milly: Quite the complicated home life you have. isn't it.
Kallen: So what was it you wanted to give me?
Milly: Grandfather asked me to pass this on.
Kallen: You mean the principal?
Milly: Your transcript since middle school. I thought I'd better give them to you off of school grounds.

Milly: And your father.. is he the head of the Statfeld family?

Milly: You really hate your mother, don't you.
Kallen: I just find her depressing.
Milly: Well, this is getting a little heavy. Imagine, the wife and the daughter and the other woman, all living together.

















Kallen: Refrain?
Ohgi: It's a psychotropic, makes you think you've gone back to the past.
Kallen: Must be all the rage here in Japan.
Ohgi: Yeah ,well... Who doesn't long for the days before the occupation, right?
Kallen: Uh...



Man: Come on Eleven, say something.
Man: You are sorry, aren't ya?
Man: Bowing your heads is what you Elevens do best, right?
Kallen: Eleven...
Man: Eatin' bad food really makes us wanna off somebody, you know?
Kallen: Lelouch.

Kallen: So you think I should just ignore it?
Lelouch: Go on, take a good look at that Eleven.
Man: Come on, what's the matter?

Kallen: Well even so...
Man: You got a problem over there?
Man: Not feeling sorry for this Eleven, are ya?
Man: Nah, they feel the same way we do, don't you guys?


Man: You guys wanna hit the arcade?
Man: I got no cash.
Lelouch: Well they got bored pretty quick, huh?
Kallen: Hey, are you all right?


Kallen: And?
Lelouch: Um?

Lelouch: Nothing.




Jeremiah: I don't except you to believe me.
Villetta: No, it's just that... during the whole Shinjuku incident, I suffered some sort of memory lapse also.
Jeremiah: You did?

Jeremiah: So you think it was that student?
Villetta: I can't remember his face, but there may still be a way to get to the bottom of this.



: Still feels pretty good to have the will of the people behind us, though.

Kallen: Are we in the right? I don't know any more.
: Kallen...
: There's the signal from Zero.
: I can't believe he got in there.
: How many tricks does this guy have up his sleeve, anyway?
: Is the shipment for Nagoya ready?
: Nice and safe here in the settlement, huh?
: The Black Knights have arrived!
: Intruders!
: The Knightmares!
: Screw this!

Kallen: Refrain...
Man: I'm studying abroad! I can't believe I got in!
Milly: When you add them all up, they eventually break you.
Kallen: That's right, which is why I'm here.
Kallen's Mother: Careful, it's dangerous to run like that.
Kallen: Mother!?
Kallen's Mother: Really, Naoto. Please, I need you to keep an eye on your little sister.

: Isn't that a police unit?

Tamaki: Don't look at me! When I checked it out, there weren't any cops involved!
Lelouch: Corrupted filth...

Kallen's Mother: Kallen... Naoto...
Lelouch: It won't work on a Knightmare.
Kallen: Go on, run. Get moving, you idiot!
Kallen's Mother: I'm here for you. I'm here for you, Kallen. I'm here, as I always have been.
Kalen: Then that's... that's why you stayed in his house? You stayed there for me? You fool! Or maybe... I'm the fool.
: Kallen!
Kallen's Mother: I'm so happy for you... You can finally become a Britannian now, Kallen. Nobody will ever be able to hurt you now, darling. And you're free to travel and use the phone anytime you want.
Lelouch: So this... is her mother?
: False tears bring pain to those around you. A false smile brings pain to one's self.
: It's an after-effect of Refrain. She's unable to talk much. She'll recover eventually, but it will take time.
Kallen: Mother, your sentence... you got 20 years. But you wait! I'm working to change things when you get out, I swear to you! I'll make a world where you and I can live a normal life again. So please, Mother...
Kallen's Mother: Hang in there... Hang in there, Kallen... My little girl...
Kallen: Don't you worry... I will. I promise you.


