
  The actions one takes are answered by consequences waiting at their conclusion.
There are no exceptions. And even Lelouch's power cannot change this.
Despite his absolute ability to make anyone obey him, there is no escaping the inevitable.
Lelouch has acted to avenge his mother's death and to create a world where his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness, now he is confronted by the results of his acts, consequences he never imagined, and there are more to come.
If these unintended consequences help to create new worlds, who will bear the blame for the sins that are committed, who will take the punishment and who will measure it out?




Priest: He was a pious soul who is always looked to God in his life and friend to us all.
To his wife he was a devoted husband, to his child a loving father.

Shirley: Father...

Priest: May he rest in peace forever cradled in the bosom of our Lord.

Shirley’s mother: No, stop! Don’t bury him again, please. He suffered enough. Oh God, don’t leave me.

Shirley: Mom, he’s gone already. Please Mom.



Shirley: Guess what Papa? Someday when I grow up, I'm gonna be your wife.

Shirley's father: Oh that’s very sweet of you honey.
But your teacher told you, didn’t she? Someday you'll meet the man you really love.

Shirley: More than I do you?

Shirley’s father: Hum... It’s hard to explain.
Well, if you truly love that person and he cares for you just as much, it would make me the happiest father on earth.



Kallen: Shirley, I'm so sorry this happened.

Shirley: Oh, stop. What have you to apologize for?

Rivalz: We feel awful.
It just that... when we were all watching the hotel jacking on TV, I thought the Black Knights were... you know, heroes.
I mean the news was handling it all wrong, anyway I was posting online how I thought what happened in Narita was kinda cool, and I...
Forgive me.

Shirley: Come on! Don't be silly. That has absolutely nothing to do with this at all.
I mean even I was saying Narita was...

Milly: Shirley, stop. Seriously, I'm starting to worry about you here.
Have you cried yet? If you simply hold it in, It's only going to be harder for you later on.

Shirley: You don't have to worry. Really, I'm fine.
I've cried a lot.

Suzaku: Cowards, Zero and his people. Their methods are just cowardly.
He doesn't even get his hands dirty.
He stirs people into a frenzy, tips the world into chaos, and then sits back and congratulates himself.
It's not going to change a thing.
Anything gained through his kind of tactics is just meaningless.

Milly: Well, anyway, I think it's time we headed back, everyone.
Shirley, we'll be waiting for you, back in the old student council room, same as ever.
...
Come on guys, let's go.

Rivalz: Hey, Lelouch!
What? What I do..



Shirley: Lulu, forgive me.

Lelouch: What?

Shirley: It wasn't fair. Kissing you like that. It wasn't fair of me at all.
It was just... something I did. Forget about it, okay?
I shouldn’t have put you on the spot like that.
I'm sorry. It was totally stupid of me.
I mean, you finally kissed me, and I can't even be happy.

Lelouch: Wait! Shirley.




C.C.: Do you regret it?
That your friend's father was caught up in all this?
You were just accusing Kirihara of being too soft.
What happened to the path of blood?

Lelouch: Shut up.

C.C.: But it turns out you're the soft one.
Did you think this was all just a game?
You've already killed your fair share of people. By hand, or words more often than not.

Lelouch:Just shut up.

C.C.: All of them left behind a family.
All had lovers and friends.
Are you really telling me you hadn't grasped that yet?
I would have thought you to be better prepared.

Lelouch: Just shut up. I am prepared.
I have been from the moment I killed Clovis.

C.C.: Then why this hesitation?
Has she shaken you so badly?
One kiss and you go to pieces then, huh?
So for all your preening and posturing, you're really just a spoiled little boy with a swollen head and a big fat mouth.
...
You ran way too deep to be turning back now. You've passed the point of no return.
You need a reason for living, don't you?
You're not going to disappoint me, are you?




Charles: Yes, that is why people discriminate against one another.

Euphemia: So, is that the reason why you killed my brother.

Suzaku: And any ends gained through contemptible means aren’t worth anything.

Ohgi: Are you really going through with this?

Kallen: That’s all easy enough to say, isn’t it?

Clovis: You can’t! We may have different mothers, but you and I are still blood.

Suzaku: It’s nothing but self-satisfying gratification.

C.C.: And to have this Utopia you'd...

Nunnally: I wish the world was a gentler place.

C.C.: You appear to have a reason for living.

Lelouch: And I've come back to change everything.

Kirihara: Are you embarking on the path of blood?



Lelouch: Ohgi, it’s me, Zero.




Lloyd: I have some bad news, Suzaku.
We've just got word from Cornelia's Royal Guard.
We're on deck for the next operation.
Are they acknowledging your skill or do they need another decoy?

Cecile: Oh Lloyd, care for another lesson in proper social etiquette?
You look like you have some time to kill.

Lloyd: Oh, I'll have to take a pass on that.
Now then I believe we're talking about your mission.





Ohgi: Wait a second, Zero.
I realize this is a request from Kyoto. I think we can definitely handle it.
And I'm pretty sure that Japan Liberation Front would rather join with us than flee to foreign soil in all. But...

Zero: You are the one who brought us this information. Diethard, wasn't it?

Diethard: That's right. It is an honor that you’d meet me like this, Zero.

Zero: So, princess Cornelia's going to deploy the Royal Marines on General Katase at the Japan Liberation Front, is that correct?

Diethard: Yes. The network was already poised to broadcast a special report on it.

Zero: Lieutenant General Tohdoh will never make it Katase in time.
Which means that Japan Liberation Front has no military strength right now. 
Their only chance of escape is the liquid Sakuradite they're carrying.

Ohgi: Which is why we should help General Katase escape instead of going after Cornelia.

Zero: Ohgi, who are we?

Ohgi: W... we are the Black Knights, Zero.

Zero: Then we have but one task. We will destroy Cornelia's troops.
And in doing so, rescue the remnants of the JLF.
Tonight, we regain what was lost to us at Narita.

Ohgi: What are the chances?

Zero: Need you ask?

Ohgi: Understood.

Diethard: Hmm.

Zero: Begin preparations. You all have your orders to carry out.

Kallen: Uh... Zero.

Zero: I have something to attend to. Whatever it is, save it for later.




Darlton: Just so you know, the viceroy has reservations about using the numbers.
But “Use every able body”, I always say, even if it's the son of the former prime minister.
...
Our target is Katase. Take him out and the Japan Liberation Front is finished.
We are sending in a Royal Marines.
Your job will be to provide supporting fire from the shore until the marines have Katase.
As well as annihilating any stragglers left over.

Suzaku: Uh... I'm to annihilate them, sir?

Darlton: Nobody but the target is to survive. Is that clear?

Suzaku: Uh...

Darlton: Warrant officer Kururugi, show your loyalty to the crown.
This is your chance to get ahead in the world, soldier.

Suzaku: Understood, my Lord.

Lloyd: Onward, Christian soldiers? Conflicting morals, right?




Shirley: No, Lulu... It can’t be true.
He would never get tangled up with someone like that.

Villetta: There is a possibility that this boy is link to the Black Knights.

Shirley: What’re you saying he’s involved?

Villetta: In terrorism.

Shirley: I don’t believe you.
It can’t be... It has to be a lie!
...
Lulu... I’m so sorry to be doubting you like this. But...
Please... I wanna believe in you.

Villetta: Dammit, she lost him.
She'd just called me sooner, I could’ve had him.
I should’ve grabbed him when I had the chance... No, I need proof.
If he talks to her, I can learn what his roll is in all this.
Which is all the more important if he can manipulate memory somehow.
I won’t have to die, striped of my position and honor like Jeremiah.
Hell, this is the chance to move back up again.
So I have to find out a link to Zero.
It has to be me.




Lelouch: Who is there?

Kallen: I... I'm sorry, I'll go.

Lelouch: Second thoughts?

Kallen: I thought that the goal was justice.
The only reason I've fought until now is because I thought it was the right thing to do.
So I could live with the killing, but now...
Tell me. Is this real?
Is what we are all doing here really going to change the world for the better?

Lelouch: Yes, it will, or rather it must change the world.
Will there be sacrifices? Not only just soldiers but the innocent as well.
And yet, because of all these things, we have no choice but to continue on.
No matter the cost, even if people see us as cowards, we have to prevail.
If that means more blood will be shed, so be it.
We've spilled so much to get here.
I can't let it be in vain.
But I won't force you, Kallen.
If you wish to turn back, now is the time.

Kallen: I've made my choice.
I'll follow you to the very end.

Lelouch: I'm grateful, Kallen.



Lelouch: Yes, you saved me today. Thank you.
C.C. I need you. I do.

C.C.: What am I doing?
I just can't afford to make the same mistake here all over again.




Darlton: It’s time.

Cornelia: Commence the operation!

Soldier: All underwater units, hit the water!
Dive! Dive! Dive!

Soldier: Special team, you're clear for category C1 weaponry.

Soldier: Our unit will be covering them from the shore.
Careful though, we want that tanker in one piece.

Suzaku: Understood, my Lord.

Soldier: Once torpedo attack is confirmed, all units go to weapons free.
Repeat, weapons free.



Shirley: Oh my God. Terrorists?



Ohgi: It looks like it’s started. Zero, you wanna move out or what? Hey?
Do you read me? They’re closing in on the JLF. Come in. 「おい、聞こえてるんだろ？　日本解放戦線を・・・」

Lelouch: We have to hold. Cornelia moves faster than expected.
If we go now, we'll die along with them.



Britannia: Commence support fire.
All units restricted to micro round ordinance only.
Be careful not to set off that liquid Sakuradite!

JLF: Damn those Britannians! When the hell did they get here?
Enemy units! They’re coming from the water... Ah!

JLF: Itagaki... Ah!

Britannia: 2-0-2, 5-0-3, focus fire at 9 o'clock.

Suzaku: This isn’t battle. This is wholesale slaughter.

Cecile: Officer Kururugi.

Suzaku: Go ahead.

Cecile: I certainly know this must be hard for you. But you are a soldier, remember that.

Suzaku: Right, I understand.



Katase: How could they've found us? Where is Tohdoh?

JLF: We can’t locate him, or the Holy Swords.

Katase: What about Kyoto!? They said they would send help.

JLF: Yes sir! But we have no way of contacting them now!

Katase: So they’re just gonna sit back and watch us die here?

JLF: We surrender! Please cease fire! This is the Japan Liberation Front!
I repeat we surrender!

Suzaku: Sir, they’re issuing a surrender over an open channel.

Britannia: Ignore it.

Suzaku: Yes. But sir...

Britannia: You see? They’re just buying time. Now, carry out your orders!



Shirley: Lulu just couldn’t be a member of the Black Knights, could he?

Ohgi: Dammit! It’ll be too late soon!
When does Zero plan to move?

Diethald: I just hope that he isn’t doing all these to honor some childish notion of justice.

Ohgi: The knightmare are boarding the ship!

Lelouch: I see... That leaves only one way out. They have to be careful around their precious Sakuradite.

Ohgi: Zero! If we don’t hurry...

Lelouch: Very well then, go ahead.



Katase: What the hell is going on....?



Cornelia: I can’t believe this idiocy! They blew up the liquid Sakuradite?

Lelouch: Just what you'd expect of the JLF, choosing to take the Britannians out with them.

Ohgi: Suicide? But they never mentioned.

Lelouch: We're going to rush Cornelia's position head-on!
Forget about everything else.
All that matters is achieving our goal.
If you want to avenge the JLF, then capture Cornelia.
And show them our strength and determination.

Kallen: Right.

Ohgi: This is like Narita all over again.

Diethald: It’s outstanding!

Ohgi: Hey, get back here!

Diethald: The JLF was just a bait. Their command is wide open now. One of the oldest tricks in the book.

Ohgi: Where are you going? Hey!

Diethald: It makes perfect sense!
He want to cripple his enemy’s defenses using the Liberation Front as a living trap!
He’s excellent materia, this Zero! He’s chaos incarnate!
More, show me more of your genius! Let your ego engulf the world!
Hahahaha! HAHAHAHA!

「こうでなければ！
解放戦線を囮に、手薄になった本隊に攻め入る？ふん、定石だがそれではいまひとつ弱い。
そうだ！どうせなら敵の戦力を削ぎ落とす！役立たずの解放戦線を生きたトラップとして！
やはりゼロは素晴らしき存在！カオスの権化だ！
もっと、もっと、見せてくれ、私に！あなたの主観に満ちた世界を！
フフハハハハハ！」


Britannia: Enemy attack!?

Britannia: 2-0-4 signal lost!
Erickson, form up with 3-0-8! Provide support!
All unit, Status report!
I repeat, What is your status!?

Suzaku: Why would General kill himself? It doesn’t make any sense.
Ah.. the main force! Could they use the tanker as a decoy?

Darlton: Mount up now! And form a defensive of line, on the double!

Cornelia: How did they know we were here!?

Guilford: Your highness!



Lelouch: Knock their Knightmares into the sea before the pilots can mount!
Guren Mk-II, you’re with me!

Kallen: Yes sir!



Guilford: Your highness, we can handle this.

Cornelia: Quiet! How many times you think I'll allow them to mock me!?
...
I haven’t even powered on!
...
Do you think you can best me in Knightmare combat!?
...
That new model again?

Lelouch: I'll smash your hatch and drag you out, Cornelia!
...
Shirley!?



Suzaku: Zero, your methods are not going to change anything.
You focused on goals, and don't understand the pain of others.

Kallen: Zero!

Cornelia: This is payback for Narita.

Lelouch: Well, if it is that knight in shinning armor?

Suzaku: These are people’s lives you’re playing with. You're nothing but a murderer!

Lelouch: Why! Why do you keep getting in my way?

Suzaku: Why do you keep spilling people's blood without meaning?

Lelouch: If it wasn't for you!

Suzaku: Because of you!

Suzaku: Zero, this is the end result.

Cornelia: Lancelot, behind you!

Kallen: Get the hell away from him!



Shirley: Is this Zero’s? So then with this...
I will pay you for my father!




Next Episode:
The best laid plans often fall apart. Doubts can arise in anytime.
My heart goes heavier, little by little.
Is this the foundation for the future? Or merely stumbling blocks from the past?
The answers that I seek, lie within me.
  