
  Situations evolve -- our desires have no bearing on that.
Time flows on unaffected by our struggles.
On this point, Lelouch should be pleased for he possesses true self-determination;
he can change destiny itself by applying the absolute power to compel anyone to obey him: the power of Geass.








But that is a completely separate issue!
The fact remains that you both have been absent from class far too often!
I don't care how good your grades are or that you're Princess Euphemia's knight!
If you don't improve, you will repeat this year!

Sounds like she's still going strong.

She may carry on all night.



Even Elevens can move up in the world! Just look at Suzaku Kururugi!

If it hadn't been for Zero, the Chinese Federation would have conquered Kyushu!

But it isn't what is said on the news.



I don't care as long as there's peace.

The peace of slavery?! That's what Kururugi wants!

So opinions in the ghettos are split?

Some are submissive; some are defiant.



Yeah right, that's totally crazy!

We need to be realistic.

I agree with Zero.
Well, isn't it true? If we stick with him, we might catch a huge lucky break!
Maybe I'll even get my dream of being a bureaucrat.

A bureaucrat?! Seriously?!

Hey, even I had a dream once!
If I hadn't thrown in with the Black Knights, I'd probably be hooked on Refrain by now.

Refrain might bring back her memory... so I could find out who Zero is.
But what would I do I knew?


In that other issue, we wanted to ask for instructions, but we haven't been able to reach Zero.

Then I'll just go ahead as planned.

I'm telling you, don't -- it's a trap.

But we need inside sources.
They also said there's someone there who wants to join us.



Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for waiting!
The Ashford Academy school festival, which is the most open event in the Tokyo Settlement, is about to start!
It will begin at the sound of this voice!

Are you sure it's all right to do this, Milly?

Very sure!

Okay -- MEOW!

School is really noisy today...

Welcome, step right up!



Yes, another one just like this! Two!

See the shocking expose, The Zero Report! Don't miss it!

Photos! Photos of Prince Clovis!


We've covered all the tasks at hand.

Yes. We gathered all the sector data on the emergency countermeasures that they left behind.

The press?!

We've identified the solar panels used in each settlement as well as the energy storage sites.
Oh, and what about that collaborator issue?

I've handled most of it myself -- about 72% is complete.


He's drawing up a list of occupation targets -- broadcasting stations and such.
I need you to check them, including the dummy plans we're sending to Kyoto.

I understand. I'll confirm tomorrow.


There's trouble! There's huge, huge trouble!

I'll have to contact you later.

Hmm? Trouble?

What are you doing goofing off like that?! You're the festival chairman!

But everything is running fine! There's no problem.
Besides, you're taking charge of that part, right?
It was two meters wide up through last year, then suddenly you declared we had to have a twelve meter pizza.

Uh-huh. Isn't it great? It's gonna be the largest one of its kind in the world!

Just the oven and ingredients are causing an uproar, and now there's a TV crew roaming around campus?
You know we can't show our faces.

But we have to document making the pizza!
You can run things from the control booth, okay? President's orders.

Okay, stop right there!



Wow, you're in a sunny mood. Something good happen?

Yeah, you could say that!


Sorry, but an Eleven from the ghetto walking around alone would be--

It's all right.



You needn't worry about me so much. I'm okay, really.
Anyway, is this going to help you with your work?

Yes.
I can gather data for our development project.

I understand. That's good then.

What the hell am I doing?
If I get the chance, I should hand her over to the cops or a hospital.
No, I can't...
If they connect me to the Black Knights, it would implicate everyone.
Even so, I can't just kill her... I can't.
Here we are.

Is something wrong?

No, I used to be a school teacher, so I was feeling a little nostalgic.

Why did you stop teaching?

My best friend since we were little kids... well, he's since passed on.
You could say that I'm living out his dream in his place.
It's kind of a heavy thing for me to carry around.

Let's go in!



That doesn't matter!

The campus is open today! Come on!

Yeah, in you go, you two!

What?! Hey, I found them first!


That's a relief.
I thought you were never going to come back to school.

It's on purpose?!
Why didn't you tell anyone... about who I really am?

You're Kallen Stadtfeld right now, aren't you?


Hmm?
Are you trying to draw me in by acting friendly?

On the battlefield, I won't show any mercy, but I want to try to persuade you here.
I know this is against the rules, but while we're at school, I'd rather try to change your mind here than defeat you in combat later.

Something's different about you.

Suzaku, the truck's here. The cheese--
You came back.

Uh... yeah. I'm not as sick now, so...

Kallen, what we were talking about has nothing to do with school, okay?

Yeah, I get it.

Kallen, if you don't mind, could you go and check in with your class?
They seemed to be a bit shorthanded.

Sure, I don't mind.


I DO MIND!!!
This thing actually scares them?
I'm gonna get Lelouch for this!
He should've told me I had to be part of the horror house.

Oh great, here comes another couple.
Why couldn't they make this whole thing mechanical if they've got this dumb screen?
It's sweltering inside of here! It's like those early Glasgows!

MOVE YOUR AAAAAAASS!!!
Ohgi?!

You're back safe?

Fortunately, yes.


School festivals are such fun! I feel so free!

The one she keeps whacking... doesn't he look like Lloyd?

No great wonder. Working under that guy must really drive her out of her mind.

Right, the pizza's starting later.
Definitely don't have time to be doing this.
Yes. Oh, the Drama Club? I've spoken to the Film Club about it.


I'm sorry! The handle just broke in two!

Soldiers? How peaceful the world is.

Say, aren't you Suzaku's friend?

Hey, you, boy!
Where am I supposed to go to eat the biggest pizza in the world?
Oh, so here you are.


Good work, getting them here from Area 18 in one night.
Your forces are impressive, Cornelia.

You flatter me.


It was the least I could do.




I understand.
And I'm going to play this card in my negotiations with the Chinese Federation.

Please do.

What a great honor... being asked for assistance by Princess Cornelia, who is unmatched on the battlefield.

Please, don't tease me about this...

But I'm sincere. On the field of combat, you shine more beautifully and brightly than any flower or butterfly at a soirée -- yes, like the Flash herself.

Please, stop saying that. You know I'm only--

I told her I was coming to see you off.



Last night?

Yes. Ah, and about the other matter -- Bartley's project.

Oh yes, I really don't mind, but will he actually be of any use to us?


I'm asking about the biggest pizza in the world.

I'll bring you some, now wait in your room!

I don't believe you, because you're a liar.

I'm not going to deceive you over a pizza!
The military and the press are here! What if they see you?!

I'll wear a disguise. I don't like cold pizza.



Why did you come into the school?

Oh, that's my fault.

Who are you, anyway?
You're definitely not an Eleven. What's your name?

This is, ah... She's my...

Kallen! Authorized personnel only. Could you get them out of here now?



I'm really sorry, but there's something I want to talk to Suzaku about.

It's all right, Your Highness.



Really?! Then?!

You should follow the path you believe in with all your heart.
I'll discuss it with Cornelia so that she understands.

Suzaku, my brother approved my idea. Now we can--
I'm so sorry! Are you all right?

I'm fine. Are you okay?

Huh? Nunnally?!

Huh? That voice, is it you?





This is bad! If they see me here with C.C. then...

A propane tank for the burner?
I'm sure the spare ones are here, maybe in back.

Kallen?

Oh... hello, what's up?



Uh, maybe they're over on the other side.

Oh, okay.

Can this get any more annoying...?!

You can use your Geass, can't you?



Well it's your own fault then. You shouldn't use it so freely.

Your comments are not helping!

Is that Lelouch?
Are you here? There's something important I want to ask you about.

Find a way to get out of here fast...!
Shirley, can it wait?

I'm going to create a diversion -- use it to get away!

What're you talking about?! You're never around in the first place!



Huh?

The panels are falling! Run away!
Don't just stand there! Watch out!

Uh... I... thank you.

I'm just glad you're okay. But where'd all this smoke come from?

It must be for detecting gas leaks.
It looks like the valve was knocked loose.

Never mind that. Can someone help me, please?
I'm in a little pain here.

What's the matter?

My ankle... it's a very familiar feeling.


Sorry you got caught in that weirdness back there.

No, it was actually sort of fun!
I haven't felt this excited in a long time.

I think it's better you move out of Area 11 now.
Whoever shot you wouldn't come after you. You should be safe.


I wonder if the person I used to be was as happy as I am now. So...
Can you tell me what you were going to say... when we were back there at the school?
You started with "She's my..." She's my what?

Well... you see...

I really don't think I'd mind becoming an Eleven.


Will you keep our secret? I mean, about Lelouch and I being here?

But if you just stay like this...

All I want to is to be with my brother; that's all that matters.
Do you remember that time you and I got into a great big argument?
On which of us was going to marry Lelouch when we grew up?

Yes, I do! We put Lelouch on the spot by making him decide right then and there!

So, how about now?

Huh?

Do you still love him, even to this day?


All right! Any moment!
We are about being the historic task of the making of the world's largest pizza!
Please note that this contraption at my feet is an oven specially built just for this occasion -- a fabulous waste of money!

Yes, I understand, Shirley. I promise I'll make time for you.
Right now just send Group B to the stage to help.
Right.
This feels so easy.
If I make a mistake here, no one's life is on the line.

Not bad! Got everything on schedule, huh?

I've learned to manage people lately.
Still, they seem so optimistic, don't they?
The Chinese Federation attacked just the other day, but look at everyone.

That's why we need this.

Hm?



Okay, lesson learned.

Lelouch!

Nunnally, how's the pizza--
Sorry, I need a second!
Call me if something happens!

Huh?

It looks like the ingredients are all prepared!
Now, introducing our special dough tosser: the Ashford family Ganymede!
Yes, it's a bit of an antique, however, at the controls is the student council's special member and Princess Euphemia's personal knight, SUZAKU KURURUGI!!

Listen... is that because of...

Yes. There are lots of Elevens who came here today.
It's an open festival after all, and this is Suzaku's school.

So they came to see him?

Yes. Suzaku is like a ray of hope for many Elevens. They revere him.

I see.

Ganymede, a third-generation Knightmare.
The type used by Lady Marianne the Flash, isn't that correct?

It's just a fundamental frame. A big puppet for events like this.



I'm guessing that's the real reason you want to marry me.

So now you get it. He has no attraction whatsoever to the opposite sex.

Well... I get the general idea, anyway.




Last year, it was my turn to do it, but I can't compare to a real pro.

This is a day of sweet surprises.
To think you and Nunnally were so close all this time, and that you and Suzaku are friends as well.

What is that guy doing?
This is no time to be hitting on some pretty girl!

I never want to see people unhappy ever again.

Remember, we can't meet after this.

That's not true. I've found a solution for everything.

Lelouch!
Is that Princess Euphemia?!

Princess Euphemia?!

What's up?

Over there.

It's her! Princess Euphemia!

Princess Euphemia?!

Lelouch! Take Nunnally away!

Sorry to leave you alone at a time like this!

That's right! The sub-viceroy is near the main entrance!

I copy! I'll send in the backup team!

Camera! Get a link to the studio, quick!

All right!

Princess Euphemia's here!

No way! Why?!

Where-- where is she?!

Everyone, stop! Don't run! Please don't panic!

Pizza...

Guess we should've left this to the pros. What do you think?

I'm afraid I'm just gonna have to give up on this one... and some other things.

Everyone, stop this at once! Do you realize who this is?!
This is the sub-viceroy, the third Imperial princess!

Thanks for your help! We'll take over from here. Stand back of--

H.I. TV! A comment! Just one word, please!

Princess Euphemia, it's me, Nina! I'II get you out of here...

This is getting tight!

Please excuse me! No, don't!


You don't say?
Already? You've escaped on your own?
I'd say that's excellent, Deputy Commander.
We'll stay right here. Right.
Looks like we wasted the equipment space inside the news van.
There's no need for the captain of the Zero Squad to escape now either.
I'd like you to continue to stay under cover here in the settlement.
I'll introduce you to Zero later on.

I understand.

Oh, wow...

Princess Euphemia, you're not hurt, are you?!

I'm fine! Thank you, Suzaku!

Are you okay, Nunnally?

Yes. How about Euphemia?

She's all right. Suzaku's taking care of her.

I see...
Lelouch, guess what?

They make a nice couple, don't you agree?

Nunnally, you...

Thank heavens, they're all right!

Princess Euphemia, down here! Can I get a statement, please?!

Could you please network this broadcast nationwide?





I have a very important announcement!

Hmm?

Your Highness! It's Princess Euphemia!

What's she doing now?

And we go to our special live coverage.


There is something of great consequence that I wish to tell you all today!

Now what? This little girl makes such a fuss.

I, Euphemia li Britannia, hereby declare the formation of the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan in the area surrounding Mt. Fuji!

What?! Britannia has--?!

They're recognizing... Japan?!

Dammit! I never thought of this game! Even though it's only a limited area!

Within the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan, Elevens will be permitted to call themselves Japanese.




It's nothing but an empty dream!

Do you hear me, Zero?
I don't care about your past nor who you are underneath that mask!
I beg of you! Join us in creating the special zone of freedom!

Join Zero?

No way! Just think about Prince Clovis!

WHAT IS SHE DOING?!

Zero, help me build a new future within Britannia! A place for everyone!

Long live Princess Euphemia!

The Japanese Zone? Why's she doing that now?

That's pretty obvious. She's in love with an Eleven.

I'm finished! Either way I go, the Black Knights will break apart over this!
The reason we exist has vanished!
How could this have happened so easily?!
You think you can just take it all from me like this?!
Even if it is a place where we can be ourselves?!
You know nothing... You understand nothing!
I am the terrorist who hides his face, and you...

Lelouch! Now we can be like before!

No, the past is dead and gone... Euphemia!



The Specially Administrated Zone of Japan.
If I cooperate, I give up the right to use force; oppose it, and the people will become my enemies, and the Black Knights collapse.
Euphemia, the third princess who innocently holds good intentions like a sword!
For Nunnally and me, your very existence has become a crime!
  