
  Narrator: Lelouch, a Britannian youth, has been given a god-like power by the mysterious young woman, C.C. Geass. The absolute power to compel anyone to follow any order. For the sake of his younger sister, Nunnally, Lelouch plots to destroy the Holy Britannian Empire. Meanwhile, his best friend from childhood — Suzaku Kururugi — has established himself as an Honorary Britannian within the Empire. At this point, their lives are already intertwined and their destinies predetermined with inevitable outcomes.

Shirley: I've never left the Tokyo Settlement before, this is my first time!

Milly: I'm sure you wish Lelouch could have come with us, don't you?

Shirley: No, ah.

Milly: Don't be so shy. Tonight we can stay up all night talking. Let's tell each other which boys we like from school.

Shirley: Then you'll probably have a lot to talk about, right Ms. President?

Milly: Who can say?

Nina: Ah!

Milly: Nina, it's all right. There are lots of Britannian tourists at Lake Kawaguchi so security's fine. Don't be afraid, it's not the ghettos.

Nina: Yes, but...

Milly: We'll be with you the whole time. We won't leave your side for a second.

Nina: Thanks.

Shirley: Haaah!

Ougi: Ah.

Zero: What are you waiting for? Come in. As of now, this place will be our hideout.

Ougi: So, you think joining up with us is a good idea?

Zero: Yes. We're comrades, after all.

Tamaki: Holy cow.

???: So what is this, huh?

Ougi: Do you mind if I ask how you came by this?

Zero: I borrowed it from a rather libertine nobleman who indulges my requests.

Ougi: You asked for it, just like that?

Zero: Don't worry, no strings attached.

???: It's huge. Check it out, it's got a second story.

Kallen: On the other hand, no one would expect us in something like this.

???: It's even got a TV.

News Anchor: How are things looking at the scene?

Reporter: I'm here in front of the Lake Kawaguchi Convention Center Hotel. The hotel-jackers have identified themselves as the Japan Liberation Front.

Tamaki: Huh?

Ougi: What's happening?

Reporter: Members of the Sakuradite Allocation Meeting, most notably Chairman James, were taken hostage, as well as several tourists and hotel employees. This footage was taken by the perpetrators. In it, you can clearly see Chairman James, including some students.

Kallen: From the Student Council.

Zero: Hm?

Reporter: The leader of the group claims to be Lieutenant Colonel Kusakabe of the now defunct Japanese...

Toudou: That imbecile!

Reporter: Sakuradite, an essential component in the manufacture of high-temperature superconductors, is a vital strategic resource that directly affects world security. Area 11 is the largest producer of this material, providing 70% of the world's total supply. Here at the yearly national meeting of sakuradite producers, it will be determined how this resource will be distributed among the world's nations. It's no exaggeration to say that the outcome determines the balance of global power between Britannia and other countries. It is believed that the terrorists are using world interest in the annual gathering to their advantage by carrying out this violent hotel takeover.

Kusakabe: I'm Kusakabe of the Japan Liberation Front. This stand we're taking is for the freedom of Japan and our countrymen. Even though you are not soldiers you are still Britannians. You are the ones who rule and oppress us. Sit still, be quiet, and you'll be fine. If you don't...

Shirley: Lelou...

???: So they made their move.

Ougi: They're easily the biggest anti-Britannian force in Japan, and now their pride's hurt.

???: Because of us?

Ougi: Maybe.

Tamaki: I don't know whether to feel happy or sad about that, because they're all gonna end up dead.

Zero: Rivalz?

Rivalz: Ah, Lelouch, I've...! Huh?

Lelouch's Phone: This is Lelouch, please leave a message after the beep.

Rivalz: What the hell's he doing at a time like this?

Lelouch: I know, but...

Subordinate: All bridges connecting to the hotel with the exception of the main one have been destroyed. Our attempted approaches from the air and water have been unsuccessful. There's only one route left that will allow us to develop a possible hostage rescue plan. The main utilities tunnel running directly beneath the Convention Center Hotel. Basically, we would go in through this route, destroy the foundation block, and submerge the hotel. Since the tunnel was also built to handle supply deliveries, it should be able to accommodate Sutherlands. Even if the enemy has taken precautions it should be no problem.

Sutherland Pilot: Go.

Subordinate: They've been using substandard weaponry, so we'll have no trouble evading them.

Japanese Liberation Front Pilot: Enemy detected! As expected, they're moving through the underground tunnel.

JLF Pilot #2: Roger that. Raikou secondary startup, both quad-linkage legs locked. Super Electro Magnetic Shrapnel Cannon voltage confirmed.

Sutherland Pilot: I think these guys have Knightmare rifles. Spread out and break their ranks.

JLF Pilot: Super Electro Magnetic Shrapnel Cannon, fire!

Sutherland Pilot: What?

JLF Member: One shot!

JLF Member: Yes! It works!

JLF Member: The Raikou is a complete success!

Kusakabe: What do you think of that, Britannian pigs?

Darlton: Wiped out?

Subordinate: It looks as though they've modified a Glasgow into a linear cannon.

???: Then there's no way we can break through.

???: What do we do now? If we release the political prisoners as they demand...

Cornelia: We can't show weakness to terrorists!

Guilford: But, Princess Euphemia, she's...

Cornelia: Yes I know.

Darlton: Thus far it appears that none of them have discovered that fact. If they learn that Princess Euphemia is among the hostages, they'll undoubtedly use her as a bargaining chip. She went there just to observe, therefore she isn't registered along with the other guests.

Geassed Girl: Ah ha ha.

C.C.: Yes, yes, I understand. I'll do well this time. I'll try to look out for him but I'm not his guardian.

Suzaku: Can't the Special Core offer any assistance with the rescue operation?

Lloyd: I've already asked them, but we're in a regular unit and they don't acknowledge our chain of command. Besides...

Suzaku: It's too risky to entrust the operation to an Eleven, is that right?

Lloyd: Yet I'm sure you're aware that Princess Cornelia is very discriminating about Britannians and Numbers.

Suzaku: So the Japanese still aren't being accepted enough into your structure.

Cecile: If that were true, then what point would there be in even having an Honorary Britannian system?

Reporter: Sir, did your daughter appear to be...

???: Where do you want this?

Ougi: Over there, by the driver's seat.

???: Hey, what about these boxes here?

Reporter: Is there anything you want to say to the terrorists?

Shirley's Dad: She was only sightseeing. Shirley is still a student, but these criminals act indiscriminately. Savages... I want to know if Shir- I want to know if my daughter is alright. She hasn't done anything wrong.

Reporter: All he's asking...

Lelouch: We need to organize before we fight them again. It's too soon though, we're not ready, but we can't just sit here and do nothing either. Knowing Cornelia, she'll sacrifice the hostages. Ah, then why doesn't she make her move? Is it possible...

Kallen: Zero... what will happen to the hostages?

Lelouch: Eventually, there will be no reason to keep those Britannians alive.

Kallen: Yeah... I'm sure you're right.

Ougi: Hey Zero, I found these. Should I hand them out to everyone? I mean as far as gear goes it looks pretty hip but we're just a resistance group so...

Lelouch: Wrong!

Ougi: Uh.

Lelouch: We're not a resistance group, is that clear?

Ougi: Well then, what are we?

Lelouch: What we are, what we're trying to be... are knights for justice!



???: Attention all sniper teams, situation is hold, all team commanders confirm...

Cecile: Those teenage hostages are friends of yours from school aren't they? They're still negotiating so let's not give up hope.

Suzaku: I have faith in the system. I prefer the logic of systems to individualist emotions.

Cecile: Ah...

Suzaku: Ms. Cecile, look.

Cecile: Huh?

???: Situation changing!

Suzaku: That's...

???: Hotel roof, Alert 2, Status D. Urgent report...

Cecile: What are they going to do to him?

Suzaku: Oh no, don't do it. Ah! Nooooo!!



Kusakabe: Our demands have gone unanswered. Therefore, we will throw one hostage from the roof every thirty minutes until our terms are met. For the sake of the hostages negotiations better be in good faith.

Darlton: This is their warning? Barbarians.

Guilford: For now, we could negotiate just to get the women and children out.

Cornelia: Forget it! If you give in to their conditions even once then you're simply legitimizing terrorism.

Darlton: Then do we use force?

Guilford: We would pursue that course of action after we secure the safety of Princess Euphemia.

Cornelia: Euphie... I....

Subordinate: Viceroy, it's Zero! We just received a message from Zero.


Diethard: What? What do you mean Van 3 was stolen by Zero? What the hell was Gibson doing all the while?

???: He said that when he realized what was happening it was too late.

Diethard: Huh. Then where's Van 3 now?

???: Driving straight towards the military.

Diethard: Huh?


???: We confirm, it's Zero. Should we open fire?

???: No, just stand by. We'll capture him after he's surrounded.

Ougi: Hey, when Zero went off about justice earlier, what do you think he meant?

Kallen: Don't know, but we may die first before we find out. Seems all of our escape routes have been cut off.

Black Knights Member: I'm just wondering, why didn't we use that other vehicle?

BK Member: Oh so you want the whole world to see where we hide out huh?

BK Member: Point taken.

Female BK Member: I don't know about this Zero character, you think we should trust him?

BK Member: No, that's why I said he looks shifty to me. But if anything goes wrong I'll do something about it.

Lelouch: Cornelia, much as I'd love to get you back right here and now you're more useful to me alive. If you do what I predict I won't need to use my Geass.

Cornelia: Well well, we meet again, Zero. Are you a member of the Japan Liberation Front? Or perhaps you intend to help us? Regardless, our concerns take priority over yours at the moment. And so for the death of my half-brother Clovis, I shall take my revenge right here.

Lelouch: Cornelia, which would you choose: Clovis, who is dead, or Euphiemia, who is alive?

Cornelia: Ah!

Lelouch: My suspicion's confirmed. The first task at hand is completed. You haven't changed, dear sister. You've always doted on sweet little Euphemia. That's why you won't take aggressive action, your emotions are getting in the way.

Lelouch: It's within my power to save Euphemia for you.

Cornelia: What do you mean? I have no idea what you're talking about.

Lelouch: I said that I'm able to rescue her.

Kusakabe: Zero you say?

Japan Liberation Front Member: Yes, sir. Word came from the Britannian Army.

Commander: Attention all forces, let Zero pass. I repeat, let Zero pass.

Lelouch: Either the Japan Liberation Front will accept me as their ally, or they're going to treat me as nothing more than a nuisance. In any event, I highly doubt that they can't resist the temptation of meeting the infamous Zero. We shall see.

Excellent. All the operation's preliminary conditions have been cleared.

Darlton: Viceroy, what are we doing?

Cornelia: I believe that by letting Zero go in, we can buy some time before the next hostage is executed. So, this is our chance. We can hit them both at the same time.

Lloyd: Wonderful! I want to thank you for that lovely order. Ha ha ha! They said you've got the green light, Lancelot. You've orders to charge right into that linear cannon in the tunnel.

Cecile: Wait a minute, you mean they're using him as a decoy to make an opening for them?

Lloyd: Yep, seems like they'll use the confusion to send in the royal guard.

Cecile: Seems like? But Lloyd...

Suzaku: Miss Cecile, I'm ready. Please let me do it.

Suzaku: If Lancelot and I are needed, and we're able to give the hostages an opportunity to be saved, then I'll do it. Even if it means being a decoy.

???: Warrant Officer Kururugi, here is a guideline for your mission. According to prime search the hostages are located on the hotel's middle floor and believed to be locked inside a food storage room. Advanced prototype weapon Z-01 Lancelot will use the utilities tunnel to move under the hotel. Once on site you will destroy the foundation block and submerge the building. The area with the hostages should hold out for 8 minutes. Hostage rescue and mop up of the terrorists will be handled by other units. You will be using the VARIS to destroy the foundation. Set the Impact Rail to Anti-Material Level 3.

Lloyd: The only variable in this is that pesky linear cannon waiting for you in the tunnel. Space is tight in there, the Lancelot will only have a 47.8% evasion rate.

Cecile: Are we really going through with this?

Lloyd: Yep, make sure you both pull out of there before it's too late. Lancelot might be wrecked, that would be unacceptable.

Suzaku: Before it's too late?

Lloyd: No.[?]

Suzaku: Understood sir.

Shirley: Suzaku, the president and Nina and I are going to Lake Kawaguchi on Sunday. Wanna join us?

Suzaku: Sorry, I have to work that day.

Shirley: You do? Too bad, but I guess that can't be helped then.

Suzaku: But thank you for inviting me, I really appreciate it. I hope all of you have a great time.

???: Twelve minutes to operation start. Commencing countdown.


Nina: An...Eleven.

Japan Liberation Front Member: What did you say?

Nina: Aah!

JLF Member: Not Elevens! We're Japanese, dammit.

Milly: Yes we're aware of that. Just lay off of her.

JLF Member: Then correct her, we're not called Elevens.

Shirley: Fine, we'll correct her.

JLF Member: How dare you speak like that to me? You three, come with me to the next room and I'll teach you a real lesson.

Nina: No! No!!

Euphie: Ah.

Woman: Mm-mm.

JLF Member: I said get up now!

Nina: No!! Let me go!

Euphie: Stop it!

JLF Member: Who the hell are you?

Euphie: I demand you take me to your leader right now, understand?

JLF Member: What?

Woman: No Sub-Viceroy, please.

Euphie: You're addressing Euphemia Li Britannia. The third princess of the Britannian Empire. Are you all right, young lady? You haven't been hurt?

Nina: Huh? No.


Lelouch: You have no intention of joining me?

Kusakabe: Remove that mask and reveal your real face to us. It's disrespectful not to.

Lelouch: I understand, but before I do, I'd like to ask you something. What exactly do you hope to accomplish by this action?

Kusakabe: Gain attention. I want this country and the world to know that the Japanese aren't dead yet.

Lelouch: How stale. You people are obsolete, there's no saving you.

JLF Member: What? Why you arrogant...

Kusakabe: Explain what you mean by that, Zero.


Suzaku: ME Boost.

Cecile: Lancelot, now launching!

JLF Pilot: Reaction confirmed, one enemy Knightmare.

JLF Pilot: It moves twice as fast as the others.

JLF Pilot: So what? It'll end up like the rest. Super Electro Magnetic Shrapnel Cannon, fire!

Suzaku: Guh...

Cecile: I warned you about this, Lloyd!

Lloyd: He doesn't wanna play decoy, he's going for the goal.


JLF Member: I brought the hostage that I radioed about earlier for the Lieutenant Colonel to see. She claims that she's Princess Euphemia.

Kusakabe: Zero, there's no point talking anymore!

Lelouch: Die!

JLF Pilot: Fire!

Crowd: Huh?

JLF Member: Colonel! Ugh!

Lelouch: Calm yourselves.

Euphie: Zero.

Lelouch: The Colonel and the others committed suicide when they realized how meaningless this operation was. Euphemia, you were willing to sacrifice yourself for the commoners. You haven't changed.

Euphie: Eh?

Cornelia: What? The AE6 Knightmare?

Darlton: Yes. At the rate it's going it'll break through soon.

Cornelia: Huh. Do we dare hold out hope?

Suzaku: Yes. It can take this level of destructive force.

JLF Pilot: That thing broke through salvo number five. I can't believe it.

JLF Pilot:  Just don't panic. Deploy the quad-link free-fire armgun, batteries too. We'll shield this final defense with our lives.

Suzaku: Ms. Cecile, it's time for me to use the VARIS.

Cecile: No, you could get killed!

Suzaku: There's no room for me to evade, I'll risk getting blasted to take the first shot.


JLF Member: Why you stinking son of a...

Lelouch: I heard that you're the Sub-Viceroy now your Highness, Princess Euphemia Li Britannia.

Euphie: It's not an appointment I'm happy with.

Lelouch: No, it's because Clovis was murdered. That was my handiwork. He begged pathetically for his life to the very end. He pleaded with the same tongue that ordered the deaths of Elevens.

Euphie: So is that the reason that you killed my brother?

Lelouch: No.

Euphie: Then why?

Lelouch: Because Clovis was an offspring of the Britannian Emperor. That reminds me. You're one of his children too, aren't you?

JLF Pilot: Use maximum output! I don't give a damn if it destroys the guns. Be prepared to die defending this spot. Smash him!

Cornelia: It's the Eleven.

Cornelia: He really did it. Guilford!

Guilford: Right.

Suzaku: Ah, no way.

Lelouch: The white Knightmare from before.

Suzaku: Ah!

Cornelia: Euphie!!

Suzaku: My friends!

Lloyd: Warrant Officer Kururugi, don't!


Diethard: What about the cameras in Van 3?

???: I told you, Zero took the Van...

Diethard: Well then, let's hope we pick up a signal from them. What are you doing, Zero? Wasn't that part of your plan... to show us something?

Cecile: He's all right!

Lloyd: Ohh...

Suzaku: I couldn't rescue them. They're dead, I failed. Not again!

Diethard: We've got it.

Lelouch: My dear Britannians, have no fear. All of the hostages from the hotel are safe and sound. I, Zero, return them to you unharmed.

Suzaku: They're fine.

Rivalz: Ah, they're all right.

Cornelia: Of all the brazen audacity... If we attack you those people will quickly become your hostages, won't they?

Lelouch: People! Fear us, or rally behind us as you see fit. We, are the Black Knights.

Cecile: Black Knights?

Lloyd: Ironic, isn't it? The terrorists referring to themselves as knights.

Lelouch: We of the Black Knights stand with all those who have no weapons to wield. Regardless of whether they be Elevens, or Britannians. The Japan Liberation Front cowardly took innocent Britannian civilians hostage, and they mercilessly executed them. It was a wanton and meaningless act, therefore they have been punished.

Diethard: You heard me right, I said let it run. Liable? I'll be the one responsible for this.

Lelouch: Just as former Viceroy Clovis was punished for ordering the slaughter of countless unarmed Elevens, we could not stand by and allow such cruelty to be carried out, and so we made him pay for his actions. I will not repudiate battle on a fair and level field, but neither will I tolerate a one-sided massacre of the weak by the strong. The only ones who should kill, are those who are prepared to be killed! Wherever oppressors abuse their power by attacking those who are powerless, we shall appear again. No matter how mighty, how formidable our foe may be.

Kallen: Knights...for justice?

Lelouch: Those of you with power, fear us. Those of you without it, rally behind us. We, the Black Knights, shall be the ones who stand in judgment of this world.


Next Episode Preview:

I was lucky. Heaven must truly be on my side. I never expected that Cornelia's one weakness was among the hostages; a weakness named Euphemia. From now on, the Black Knights shall become my counterattack against the world in which I was trapped, and against my own undecided heart.
  