
  Lelouch, a young outcast prince of Britannia possesses two great powers.
One of them is the absolute ability to compel any person to do whatever he commands.
The other is the Black Knights his military force
assembled with the intent of destroying the Britannian Empire ruled by his father.
Veiling his true identity behind the mask and the code name Zero,
Lelouch has made his move to avenge his mother's murder
and to create a world in which his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness.
What would be the final outcome of these actions?
At this point, no one can predict.



Minister: The Japan Liberation Front was nearly wiped out by your Narita operation, viceroy.
Now, we're hunting down the survivors, one by one.

Cornelia: Are you being sarcastic?
We're barely pulling our forces back together after that fiasco.

Minister: No, I, I didn't mean to...

Guilford: The Occupation Government is responsible for this.
They've done nothing about Area 11's subways and mining railways.
In the ghettoes, they falsify the registries and property deeds as the rebellion spreads unchallenged.

Minister: Ah, the subway tunnels stretch over the whole country.
We can't just fill them all in.
We don't have the budget.

Guilford: The terrorists are using them as their strike bases and escape routes.

Minister: B,,, But, Prince Clovis instructed us.
Ah, he said forcing them would fuel the rebellion giving the Chinese Federation an excuse to attack.

Cornelia: They've already got their excuse.
Zero is growing stronger and bolder everyday.

Darlton: Vice-Minister. Internal Affairs has appointed special group of the Elevens to self-govern this area, isn't that right?
A group who are called the NAC.

Minister: Huh?

Darlton: When we stormed Narita, we looked for the evidence of the NAC's conspiracies.
But it was buried in the landslide. Still our suspicions remain high.
If we suppress them now...

Cornelia: Hmm, a group of blue-bloods and plutocrats. Relics of their dismal past.

Minister: Oh, wait! please!
These are just rumors.
There's no evidence of that at all.
If you suppress them, then the Eleven's economy will certainly collapse.
That means no tax revenue to send to the homeland.
Also, it's a prime directive of the empire that Numbers should take care of their own kind.

Cornelia: And what have you done to find the Black Knights?

Minister: We analyzed the shield machine they left showing Zero was behind the Narita operation.
But that's all we've got. You can't squeeze information out of corpses.

Cornelia: So you can't catch Zero and you don't want us to hit Kyoto.
Do you know the word incompetent, minister?
It's for people who can't get results.


Kirihara: So, the Britannian viceroy has gone this far already.

Man: With the Liberation Front smashed, the last embers of Japan have died away.

Man: No, he may be on the run, but Tohdoh is still strong, still fighting.

Man: Even if that so, I heard he lost his custom Burais. So, there's no hope.

Kaguya: There is hope.

Man: Mm?

Man: The Black Knights?
You've been infatuated with Zero since he rescued Suzaku Kururugi.
We even sent him the Guren Mk-II.

Teacher: And after the defeat at Trafalgar, Elisabeth the third found herself surrounded by revolutionaries in Edinburgh.

Shirley: Oh, father...

Teacher: However with the help of Lord Britannia, she's fled to the American colonies now known as our homeland Britannia.

Shirley: Hmm... Um... H'm... Ha...

Milly: Huh? OK. What's got you so worried.
Constipated? Your monthly?

Shirley: Huh? That's not it.

Milly: Huh... You're lonely 'cause Lelouch is gone, aren't you?

Shirley: Wha... It's more like Kallen is absent the same day he is... again.

Milly: Oh, so carefree.
While the rest of the world grapples with what happened at Narita.
Suzaku's been out for two days because of that, too.

Shirley: I know that! But Lelou and Kallen gone on the same day together. That's serious.

Milly: He he he! I envy you, Shirley.
That's what I love about you.

Nina: Huh?

Shirley: Don't make fun of me!

Arthur: Meow.

Milly: Then just tell him already, three little words "I like you!".

Shirley: Uh... Uh... I couldn't. I just couldn't.
I mean what if...

Milly: What if he rejects me, it can ruin our great friendship.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!

Shirley: You don't have to laugh that hard, you know?

Milly: It's comfortable isn't it?
This place now. The way we are together.

Shirley: That's true.

Milly: Still we should prepare ourselves a bit.
The fact is nothing stays the same forever, you know.

Shirley: Uh...

Milly: Oh, forget it. Please don't take me too seriously.
If it's bothering you why not you just ask him the next chance you get?
So, how do you feel about it on your side?

Shirley: Huh? Wha... Lelou?!
I thought you were absent!

Lelouch: Nunnally had a little fever this morning and Sayoko was busy.
So, I stayed home to help.

Shirley: Oh really, you don't say.
So, is Nunna feeling better now?

Lelouch: A bit. Madam president, those papers?

Milly: All right.
Make sure you organize all of them by year and class, OK?

Lelouch: Yeah, I will.
You have a talent for ordering people around.

Milly: He he.
And you are a great subordinate.

Lelouch: Subordinate?
Huh, I guess that's what I am.

Shirley: Oh, madam president!
You nearly gave me a heart attack doing that!
Huh?! Oh, where is my tickets? HUH!!
Lelou!

Lelouch: What is it?

Shirley: Ah... Um...
Is my dad's letter mixed up with that paperwork?

Lelouch: Huh? Oh, sorry.
Huh? What's wrong?

Shirley: Ah! Lelou!

Lelouch: Shirley?

C.C.: Ah? Stop being so suspicious. That's hardly the case.
To me, he is nothing more than a ...

Shirley: Ah huh huh huh hu...
I did it! I actually really did it!
So, now what happens? He'll come, right?
I mean he didn't say no. Then again...
N-n, he is just coming with me to a little concert.
So, it's not big thing but still it's a chance.
Huh... Thank you, father.
Ah?

Ohgi: Kyoto praised us for using the Guren Mk-II so well.
I thought that was encouraging.

Kallen: But there was the white armor.

Tamaki: Don't sweat it. It was a tie, right?
A tie! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! A-ha-ha-ha-ha!

Lelouch: Why would Shirley just out of the blue?

Shirley: My dad works where really long away from here.
But he likes to send me great staff like this to keep my spirits up, you know?
So, I was just wondering...

Ohgi: Here.

Lelouch: Hmm? What's this?

Ohgi: A love letter.

Lelouch: Oh? From you?

Tamaki: A-ha-ha-ha-ha!
And they say you have no sense of humor.
A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

Kallen: You laugh too much.

Ohgi: It's an official letter form Kyoto.
They urgently request a meeting.

Lelouch: Is this really such a big deal?

Kallen: A big deal?! It's Kyoto!

Ohgi: If they accept us it means funding and support.
It could solve our financial crisis.

Lelouch: Crisis?!

Ohgi: Ugh...!

Lelouch: There shouldn't be any problem if you are following the budget I laid out.

Ohgi: Oh, well...

Tamaki: Hey! It's not my fault!
We're turning into a big organization now!
That means new expenses, you know!

Kallen: Like French dinners for the new recruits so you can show off?

Tamaki: Hey, you?!

Kallen: I know where you've been taking them, big spender?

Tamaki: Uh-ugh?! You know about it?!

Lelouch: Huh... We'll put Ohgi in charge of the treasury for now.

Tamaki: Hold it right there!
I'm the one that's in charge of the cash!
That's my job!

Lelouch: If you want me to trust you then show me some results.

Tamaki: Did you actually just say trust a guy who hides his face from his own partners?!

Sugiyama: Huh?

Tamaki: How about it Zero, Huh?!

Ohgi: Hold on... That's a...

Kallen: Zero is not the problem here. Who cares who he is?
He had the skill to outwit Cornelia, didn't he?
That's why he is the leader of the Black Knights.
Do you really need to know more?

Tamaki: Gee...!



Nunnally: Nina? Is that you?
If you are not feeling well, then...

Nina: Oh no. It's nothing.
Don't worry about it.


Tamaki: Huh... So, what do we do?

Ohgi: I don't know.

Minami: We were in Naoto's unit.

Sugiyama: I don't mind about his kid sister Kallen but...

Tamaki: You were next in line to be leader.

Ohgi: No one said that at Narita.

Inoue: 'Cause Zero practically forced us.

Yoshida: We are the senior commanders and he keeps secrets from us.

Ohgi: Huh...

Lelouch: I've narrowed it down to twelve possibilities.
Now let's see which bets pay off.
For that I'll have to meet them face to face...

(knock-knock)

Lelouch Hm? Who is it?

Kallen: It's me.
Um... I'm sorry if I was out of line when I spoke up back there.

Lelouch: Kallen, tell me.
Do you wanna know my identity as well?

Kallen: Hmm... That girl knows, doesn't she...?
Hmm... No, sorry to bother you.

Nunnally: Lelouch?

Lelouch: Huh...! Huh...
Looks like your fever's gone?

Nunnally: Maybe I was just a little moody.

Lelouch: Moody?

Nunnally: Huh... It just seems to me lately that you've become a little distant like you have other things weighing on your mind.

Lelouch: Huh...!

Nunnally: Huh. Perhaps my body just did this on its own to get your attention.
Huh.

Lelouch: You're wrong. I haven't changed.
No matter what, I'll always be at your side, Nunnally.

Nunnally: So then, can I be a little selfish now?
Please hold my hand just a little bit longer.
If I fall asleep alone, I'm afraid I'll have that dream again.



C.C.: You are serious?
You are asking me for a favor?

Lelouch: Yes, I got the idea from something that you said.
No matter what Kyoto's intentions are I want their power.

C.C.: Is that what you truly wish for?
If it's at the very core of your reason for living then I'll try to help you.

Lelouch: Then do it.
C.C., I need you.

C.C.: Hmm, I understand.
By the way, you forgot something.

Lelouch: Huh?! I didn't forget!
I don't know when I'll be back tonight so I was planning to call her and cancel.

C.C.: Stick to your contract. Huh?

(Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi)

Lelouch: It's me.
Oh good timing, I wanted to call. You see...

Shirley: Um... Listen, Lelou?

Lelouch: Huh?

Shirley: I know I made a date with you but I may be late.

Lelouch: Huh...

Shirley: Sorry, but anyway, I'm sure it'll be fine, really.
Hmm, but I promise you that I'll be there.



Man: Please bring your command staff along as for my master's instruction, understood?

Lelouch: They are patrolling the perimeter in case of any unpleasant contingencies.
I'll call them soon.
However before I do...

Britannian Army: Severely damaged corpses should be brought to tent 2.
Id [your ?] personal items.
Bring remains with identifiable faces to tent 1.
Note locations and times.

Britannian Army: Medical team 2 will arrive [and not tech support ?].
Transport personnel, report to tent 2.

Suzaku: Was it really her?
Did I really see her there?
And then... Just forget it.
She doesn't show up in any of the data.

Lloyd: Dug enough bodies out of the landslide, yet?

Suzaku: Hmm... I'd like to continue recovery operation if that's possible.

Lloyd: Be my guest till it'll out of your system.
Considering Princess Cornelia is pleasure to indulge you.

Suzaku: Hmm...
Ah, Lloyd, Zero and the Black Knights what are they trying to do?
What do they hope to achieve by sacrificing all these lives?

Lloyd: They are knights for justice, haven't you heard?

Suzaku: Is this justice?

Lloyd: Hey hey, I hope you are not going to start spouting some embarrassing theory about the nature of justice.
We are soldiers, after all.

Suzaku: Huh. Hmm?

Cecile: Oh Suzaku, I replaced the energy filler for you.

Suzaku: Ah... OK.

Lloyd: Cecile.

Cecile: I checked the units including the purebloods.

Lloyd: And I was right, wasn't I?

Cecile: Yes, a radiant surge.

Lloyd: Rakshata.
I never thought she'd work with our enemies.

Cecile: Plus their pilot was extremely skilled. Suzaku's mental status is so unstable now. If we have to fight that Knightmare again...

Lloyd: You don't think it could win? Against my dear Lancelot?




Tamaki: This is taking too long.
When do we get there?

Kallen: Ah, could you chill out?
You are embarrassing.

Tamaki: Hm. What the hell?

Kallen: We are going up?

Man: Sorry for the inconvenience.
The master is waiting for you.

Sugiyama: Huh...!

Tamaki: Wow...!

Ohgi: This is... the Fuji mines?

Tamaki: That is not possible.
There's no way we could be here.

Kallen: It has to be Mt.Fuji! There is only one mountain like this.

Tamaki: That means the Sakuradite is right below us?
The damn treasure that caused this whole war.
You know, what they do to intruders here? Execute them!

Ohgi: The power of which is all the way up to here? Kyoto group is amazing.

Kirihara: It's repulsive.
Mount Fuji, a sacred mountain once known for its clear water and quiet beauty.
Now it is bent to the empire's will, a place of hideous violation.
Our reflection of what Japan has become.
It [plings ?] me so.
I apologize for not showing my face.
But, Zero, your face is hidden as well.
Unfortunately, I cannot allow this.
To trust you, I must know who you are.
Therefore you will show me your face.

Kallen: Please wait! Zero has given us power and victory.
That should be...

Kirihara: Silence! Now which of you is Ohgi?

Ohgi: Huh...! That's me.

Kirihara: You will remove Zero's mask.

Kallen: Ohgi!

Ohgi: I'm sorry Zero, but we need a reason to put our faith in you, too.
So help us to put our trust in you.

Tamaki: Huh?! A woman?

Ohgi: It can't be!

Kallen: It's not! This isn't Zero. I saw her before.
She was with Zero after Narita.

Kirihara: You there, girl, is this true?

C.C.: It is.

Kirihara: So you are not Japanese?

C.C.: Correct, clan chief of Kyoto, Taizo Kirihara.

Man: Huh!? Anyone who can identify him must die.

Man: Especially one who is not Japanese!

Tamaki: Hey, hold on! I'm not part of this!

Lelouch: You are soft and your methods and thinking are out dated. That is why you'll never win!

Kallen: Zero?

Man: When did you...? Huh!

Man: Hold on! He can fire at us with that remote.
Everyone, stay back! Don't make a move!

Lelouch: Taizo Kirihara, founder of Kirihara Industry which has monopoly on Sakuradite mine,
formerly a key backer of the Kururugi regime.
However, when Japan fell, you dodged the tribunals by collaborating with the colonial rulers.
Commonly known as Kirihara the traitor.
In reality, you are one of the leaders of the Six Houses Of Kyoto,
who support resistance groups throughout Japan, a double agent.
How cliche.

Man: Show some respect, you swine!

Kirihara: Stop!

Lelouch: N-Hu-Hu-Hu...
It's as you guessed though, I am not Japanese!

Tamaki: Is he serious?
No wonder he never showed his face.

Kirihara: If you are not Japanese, why do you fight for Japan?
What is it that you want?

Lelouch: The destruction of Britannia.

Kirihara: And so, do you believe that this is possible, that you can do it?

Lelouch: I can, because I must.
I have reasons which compel me execrably.
I'm glad I'm dealing with you.

Kirihara: You...

Lelouch: It's been a long time, Lord Kirihara.

Kirihara: Is it really you?
It's eight years since I finally received you as a hostage.

Lelouch: Yes.
And I appreciate you taking care of me then.

Kirihara: If I hadn't come tonight, were you planning to take our messengers as hostages?

Lelouch: Not at all.
I came to ask for your help.
That's all I'm seeking from you.

Kirihara: So the flower planted eight years ago has finally bloomed.

Tamaki: I can't see him!

Kirihara: Ohgi!

Ohgi: Yes!

Kirihara: This man is a true model enemy of Britannia.
His face must remain hidden for vital reasons.
I urge you to follow Zero.
And I guarantee that if you do, we will assist you generously with intelligence and strategic support.

Ohgi: We thank you.

Lelouch: I am grateful, Lord Kirihara.

Kirihara: Are you embarking on the path of blood?

Lelouch: Indeed, if that is my destiny.




Villetta: Yes, the spelling of Fenette matches this one.
I'm afraid this is him.
I'm sorry you had to learn about it like this.

Shirley's mother: It's all right...

Man: Can you please identify the body?




Lelouch: Of course, it's too late already.
Anyway, things are finally moving forward.
Now the Black Knights will operate as I envisioned.

Lelouch: I'm sorry I was late.
I thought you'd already be back home by now.
Anyway, never mind that.
Come on, let's go some place to get out of the rain now.

Shirley: Lelou, tell me.
Zero, he fights for the weak, doesn't he?

Lelouch: What?
Yeah, well, that's what he says.

Shirley: Then, then... why did he kill my father?
You know my father.
He was so gentle.
He never ever hurt me.
He didn't do anything wrong.
But he was buried alive.
He couldn't... breath... why... why did my father have to die?
I... don't want this.
No...
Please, Lelou... help me.



Yes, I understand my actions have consequences.
I know that now. So why?
It'd be so easy to vanish from the stage, just stop being Zero.
If I can keep Kirihara quiet, I can go back to be merely Lelouch Lamperouge.
But, even so!
  