
  Code-R... I see.
You've given me an abnormally high active electrical potential and boosted my neurofilaments.
Oh, how understanding is such a happiness!
You on me experimented in order to recreate it, didn't you?
This affliction of hers...

Stop it, Code-R isn't an invalid!
Regardless, won't you please just calm down?
Your brain cells were destroyed past the Circle of Willis, so--

Spare me excuses!
You're the one who gave me like this because you hated me for sending you back to the homeland!

Look, I promise I'll hear anything you have to say, but first let's return to the homeland!
We can't carry on a proper conversation in this situation.

Hear me, Britannia! This is Zero!

Zero?!

A rebel against oppressors who abuse their power!
We will wait until midnight. You have until then to surrender to me.

Through the entire settlement?

He's on every communication channel.

Do we have any communication to the outside?

Use this opportunity to confirm the enemy's formation.

Yes, Your Highness.

I'll have vengeance for my sister Euphemia, and I'll take it right here and now, Zero!
Fairly, out in the open, and face to face!

A rebel against oppressors who abuse their power!
We will wait until midnight. You have until then to surrender to me.

Surrender at midnight... Hand over the whole settle to them...

Hey, wh--wh--what're you doing?! Stop it! You know what'll happen if you do that?!

Would you please not interfere?

This is no time to be screwing around! If you don't stop it--

Are you ready to commence the air raid?

Strike is synchronized.

Good. Assume the position to fire!

Cornelia, I'm afraid a direct confrontation with me in battle will be your undoing.

What?!

An earthquake?!

A layered structure, built to be earthquake resistant.
But if you demolish all of the floor sections simultaneously, you won't find anything to be more fragile.
By lining up the city's perimeter to engage the Black Knights, you sealed your fate.

I'm not beaten yet!

Damn, you really are one amazing dude, Zero.

Wow, did they destroy the entire settlement?

I heard only the outer perimeter was affected.
There are some facilities in it we're going to need later.
Still, how were Zero's underground collaborators able to pull this off?
I'm guessing that Villetta and Jeremiah's theories must have been true.
Heh, then this is magnificent.
Yes... the world is a game and people are mere pawns!



STAGE 24: THE COLLAPSING STAGE



This will do. Once we broadcast images to the world of their government bureau falling to us, along with our declaration of independence, he'll be forced to face me.
And if I can get him -- get the Britannian emperor to meet me one on one, then all the pieces will fall into my hands.


How does the enemy's air power look?

Our allied groups are concentrating on striking them hard in each sector.
The rest are around the Izu Area, Sado, and Awaji Islands.

Then the time is right, now's our chance!
Attack!
Third Squad, take the media sector!
Sixth Squad, take the harbor!
Special Forces, suppress the lower levels!
All remaining, push in from the front, gather intelligence on the enemy forces that are left!

All forces, hear me! Fall back to the Britannian Government Bureau!

Yes, Your Highness!

What's wrong? If you're having trouble controlling it, just detach the cockpit block.

No, Princess Cornelia, forget about me and get to the bureau!

Cornelia's been found! Surround her!
Meet your fate!

Tohdoh, you phantom...!

No, Princess, stand aside! Leave him to me!

Guilford!

Well, that's the one from Narita!

Get away while you can, Princess!

Do you expect me to simply abandon my men and run away?!

Your Highness, you must survive! For Princess Euphemia's honor as well!
Go now, because, My Lady, I am the knight you chose to champion you!

That sword's the same one as the Lancelot's!

Therefore, I must be the one who stays and fights!

So be it. Then, Guilford, your orders are to come back alive, my knight.

Yes, Your Highness, I will return!


The school area is a priority for the Special Force and the Zero Squad to take over.
We'll use one of the buildings for our command center.

What, at the school?

Ohgi, you stand by out there as well. ...Ohgi!

Uh... right. Understood, Zero.


You're planning to go to the Tokyo Settlement, aren't you?
However, you can't have it!
The A.S.E.E.C. exists for research and development.
It appears our duties here have wound to an end, and we haven't been ordered by the viceroy to go out there, either.
Leaving would be a violation of orders, right?

Suzaku, I know how you feel but...

Oh, no, you don't!

Listen to me, Zero's in Tokyo, and I'm gonna finish him with my own hands!
I won't let you stop me -- I'm doing this!


Colonel!

Lt. Colonel, should we pursue?

Where are the other units?

They're approaching, climbing up from the side... Hm?!

The Glaston Knights?

Lord Guilford, we're holding a position just ahead of here. Please head back!

I appreciate that. I'm grateful!

Think nothing of it, sir.
Originally, we were all subordinates under Gen. Darlton's command.
We still don't know if he's alive or dead, but our duty to Viceroy Cornelia comes first.

Do you know the situation?

The enemy's frontal assault is a diversion.
But if we beat them here, the rest are simply militia forces.
I mean, they're just rabble.


Diethard, enemy air power's been taken care of.
Kaguya will command the G1. Move to your assigned location immediately.

Understood.

Yoshida, get the Raikou ready!

Yes, sir!

Tamaki, do you know Rakshata's status?

She's on the move!

Kallen, go provide her group with backup!

Right!

Tohdoh, you know what to do if you see the target.

Understood.

Okay, now what's the name of the collaborator, Ohgi?

Uh... I have it as Sayoko Shinozaki.


Contact's been lost with Hiroshima Settlement!

Uprisings have broken out in the Sapporo Settlement as well!

And Chinese Federation naval fleets are massing in the East China Sea!

The Chinese Federation, too?!
That's all we need, with His Majesty still not present!

He must be there again.

Lord Odysseus, our troops are standing by ready for deployment.
You need to choose a commander now!

We mustn't be too hasty here, gentlemen.
What Euphemia did was clearly an abominable blunder.
Handle this rashly, and it may spread to every Area!

My Lord, we must go to help Princess Cornelia!

Brother, why don't I go? Send me there.

Y--you're serious? Would you really go there?!

Doesn't it sadden you to see those people killing each other?


Super Electromagnetic Shrapnel Cannon, FIRE!

First Special Forces, move in!

They only seem to be defending the Government Bureau right now.

As expected, they try not to scatter themselves while waiting for reinforcements.

Don't move! We're the Black Knights! We've taken over this building!
Do exactly as we tell you to!

No... it can't be!

Hello, Chief, I've brought you an exclusive.
Shall we transmit this to the world? The moment when Zero changes everything in our lives.
Now that's the scoop.

Right.

We'll give the public a spectacular show that'll exceed whatever they hope to see.


Huh?

That was it -- the last broadcasting station. They're all down.

Hands up and turn around!
The Black Knights control the school -- all of you are now our hostages!

Lower the guns!

Huh? That's a hell of a thing to say in this situation!

Rivalz!

C'mon, lemme be cool for once, okay? I'll protect everyone!

Is that a fact?!

Stop!
I expressly told you to avoid violence.

Yeah, but you also told us this was gonna be our command center, didn't you?

Your command center?!

Why does it have to be Ashford, of all places...?

Your academy is strategically useful for our purposes; therefore, we're turning it into a command center.

We're in no position to refuse you?

I guarantee none of you will be harmed.
Nunnally, until the fighting has ended you'll be safe here... protected by the Black Knights.
So please...

Like we can believe you?! You guys are at war with us Britannians! We're enemies, remember?!

Please, Rivalz, don't argue. Do what he says.

Kallen!?

Well, well, there's a surprise around every corner... Do I have your word that no one gets hurt?
Not only us, but any of the student body, faculty, or staff; anywhere on the campus?

As long as nobody tries to leave the dorms or administrative offices, they ought to be fine.

I want-- I want to know what you did to me!
I was so terrified, you have no idea!
Both of you did something to me -- tell me the truth! -- didn't you?!

Huh?

How could you? How could you?!

Zero, it's the Lancelot!

I knew he'd come!



Out of my way!
When I find you Zero... I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!!
Geass?

That's correct. Zero possesses a supernatural power.

Impossible.

Then how do you explain Princess Euphemia's sudden and drastic change?
What about you -- the one who always follows the rules?
How do you account for your actions on Shikine Island? In short...

The power to control people and erase their memories...
When you think about it, it makes sense and explains everything that's happened till now.
And as a result of its aftereffects, I fell in love with a damned Eleven!
That student -- Lelouch Lamperouge, he's responsible for all of it!

Suzaku!

Kallen!

We meet in battle once again!
I'm sorry, but this time you're going to die!

You're all fools! You, the Japanese... he's lying to all of you!

I can't put up with that ignorant dribble, and what do you even know about Zero anyway?!

Well, tell me what you know about him, then!
TELL ME WHERE ZERO IS NOW!
Come on, answer me! Where is Zero?!

Like I'd tell that to a filthy traitor like you!

Then let's finish this here!

Don't think you have an edge because you can fly!
Now I gotcha! DIE!

Tell me! Where is Zero!

You know, I really hate pushy guys.

Okay... then die here.
If you have any last words, say them now.

Wait!
Suzaku Kururugi, my belief that you and I could be allies was incorrect.
I'm no longer gullible about our would-be partnership.
Let's resolve this one-on-one.

Works for me, let's do it!

Colonel?

Asahina. What about Urabe?

He's moving on the energy filler depository right now, sir.

All right, then let's go rendezvous with Senba and Chiba.
Once we recharge, we'll surround the Government Bureau, then we as the main force will push in from the front!

Roger!


Order Lord Crane to fall back.
Set up a defense line on the railway station grounds.

Yes, right away, Your Highness.

Princess Cornelia, I've completed our formation. What about the line of defense around the bureau?

You are to hold your position, Guilford.
If we can just drag this battle out, it'll only go badly for the Black Knights.

Yes, Your Highness.

Well, what did my older brother say?

He said the Pacific Fleet should arrive in approximately 75 hours.

Also, the Sado and Torishima Air Divisions have already been deployed within Area 11.

Meaning that they should be here in about 30 minutes.
Leak this information to the Black Knights.

Huh?!

After that, you'll join Lord Guilford in the defense line protecting the Government Bureau.

And you, My Lady?

Oh, I'll be preparing the party.


ZEROOOOOO!!!

Can't you calm him down?!

I can't! His resistance is just too strong!

We've mounted the radiator fins!


T4's headed for the Government Bureau?
Are the enemy air divisions too already?

No, only one unit so far.

Well, it shouldn't affect too many of us then.

We're holding the school and Diethard's group are holding the media area.
Miss Kaguya's forces are standing by at our rear.
All we need is to push in on them from behind and we've won.
We have to, for Yoshida and all the others who died.

Deputy Commander, we've captured someone.

Is it one of the students? Don't worry, let him go. We haven't got a reason to hold him here.

No, this one was caught sneaking in through the rear gate.

Sneaking in?
Chigusa!
Sh--she's a collaborator who reports directly to me.
Take her into one of the unoccupied rooms, and I'll hear her report there.


Oh, Nina... I wonder if she's still in the Ganymede hangar.

And Kallen's a part of this whole thing? Man, that sucks. What're we gonna do?

It's all right.

Huh?

The Black Knights -- or Zero, rather -- they absolutely won't do anything to harm us.

But how can you be so sure of that?

COWARD!
You've taken them as your hostages?! Some one-on-one fight this is!

You brought this all on yourself when you rejected my bids to join me as my ally.
Now you'll regret these foolish moral standards you cling to!

Hey, isn't that the black Knightmare that's been all over the news lately?!

No way... Zero's not targeting this building, is he?!
He can't be, he can't! Because, if he does--!

If I can get close enough to him to use the Harkens...
ZEROOOO!!!

Now!

What the--?!

I anticipated they wouldn't have adequate time to come up with a countermeasure for this.
Zero, remember your promise.

Yes. You may do with the machine as you wish.

ZERO! You deceive the people who trust you to the very end! You betray her!

Hmph... I've no time to argue which of us is the bigger hypocrite.
Farewell, Suzaku Kururugi.

DAMN YOU!

Their defenses are as strong as expected.

Should you really be treating this so casually?
Enemy reinforcements are arriving. If they start bombing us, it's all over.

Humph... but we have a replenished energy filler, haven't we?
Tohdoh, I'm going to move in on the Government Bureau from above.

Hmm? Isn't it risky to rely on the abilities of that machine?

I know that. I'm just going to create some confusion.
It appears to be...

Yes. Aries Villa.

What?! How do you know that?

I'll tell you some day, when the time is right.

Welcome, Zero.
I figured you would show up here as soon as you learned about the air raid.
Now... join us for your welcome soirée! Care for a dance?


Chigusa, why did you come to this battlefield?!
We need to find someplace safe for you. Stay with me for now...
Look... I'm sorry I hid this from you, but everything I'm doing is for the sake of peace!
If Zero succeeds in freeing Japan from Britannia, then we can finally be together!

Oh, stop before I puke!
Me together with an Eleven like you? What a horrible thought.
Hah... My name is Villetta Nu, and I am a Knight of Honor of Britannia.

So, I see, Chigusa... you've gotten your memory back...

Is it true? Ohgi's been shot?!

Yeah, the medic's with him now.

And was it the woman who did it?

We're still not sure. We're searching for her as we speak!

Wait!

Huh?

Don't tell anybody else about Ohgi -- the news will only rattle people.
Just find the girl and bring her back here!

Yes, sir!

Oh... now they've even got Suzaku!

I wonder what's going on out there.

Now's your chance. Please, go!

Huh?!

Suzaku needs your help -- go to him, please!
And we need his help. He's the best hope we've got!

It's pitch black! You'd never know if the culprit was hiding in here.

Where's the light switch?

Dunno.

Zero... Princess Euphemia --

-- WILL BE AVENGED!!!
What's wrong, Zero?!

The specs on this thing are far superior than hers!

You're just a weakling!
I have you-- I have you right where I want you!
Your life is now IN MY HANDS!

Cornelia!

THIS IS YOUR JUDGMENT!

Princess, it's me, Darlton.

Why... Darlton, why...?

Don't be afraid -- I haven't come to kill you, My Lady.

Well, he made it.

I'm here to deliver you to Zero, Your Highness.
What have I done?! Why, Princess?!

Thank you, Darlton.

PRINCEEEEEESS!!!


Hello? Oh, who's there? Is that you, C.C.?

No, it's not.

Hm? But...

Nunnally... I've come to take you with me.



Cornelia, the second princess of the empire, has fallen into my hands.
After I've questioned her about the identity of my mother's killer, I only need to hold her hostage and I've won.
At last, for Nunnally's sake as well, I will obliterate Britannia, the country that abandoned us both!
  