
  Satan: (Hear me, Humans! I leave Ente Isla in your hands today! But know this! 'Pon my return, you and all of Ente Isla shall be crushed!)

Olba: (They have fled through the gate. What shall we do?)

Emilia: (Follow them)

Emeralda: (You have no clue what is on the other side of that Gate, right?)

Emilia: (I do not care what world he runs to---it will not help. I will find him. Soon enough, Satan will die by my hand!)

--- OP ---

Emi: I saw you cast a spell. Tell me, Satan, why would the King of Dark must be working part-time at MgRonald's?

Maou: The hero Emilia?! Here, forget about me! What are you doing here?!

Emi: I let through the gate, just like you...This moment shall be your last!

Maou: Emilia! Wait! I could explain!

Emi: No! I don't wanna here what you have to say! Prepare to die, devil!

Maou: ...Let's chat, okay?

Emi: No, let's don't. I'm not here to talk it out. I'm here to kill you!

Maou: Cool. It's just a knife. Isn't that the crappy 100 yen store downtown?

Emi: Wha?! I...er? What's your stupid point?!

Maou: Where's your sacred sword?

Emi: It...! You know what? That's not really any of your business!

Maou: Have you by chance lost...your celestial force? Or maybe you just can't afford to waste it?

Emi: Well, you're in the same boat, aren't you? The magic I'm sensing from you right now is practically nothing compare to what it was in Ente Isla.

Maou: Dah, obviously. I'm on a bike.

Emi: Sword or no sword, the devil without magic working fast-food is not an adversary I need to worry about! On guard!

---

Ashiya: Ah...my poorly poor ingredients...His majesty sure is late.

---

Policeman: Now, tell me why you two were fighting in the middle of the street?

Emi: Because I must destroy him.

Policeman: Destroy him? Hmm...look, lady. I don't know what your boyfriend did. It doesn't really matter. No knife fighting. You can't do that.

Emi: Wha---did...you say, boyfriend?

Maou: Maybe he thinks we're dating, and I cheated you. Don't you?

Emi: Ugh...I am not in romantic relation ship with this freak!

Policeman: I got ya. If you've decided you would like to end things with them, though? You need to be more mature adult.

Emi: Ugghhh!

---

Emi: I'm cutting you some slack today, so get lost.

Maou: Huh?

Emi: But, this will be the last time. And, by the way, I know where you live. I'm confident tonight will be the last good night sleep you will ever have.

Maou: Not nice...Doesn't really sound like that kind of thing the hero should say?

Emi: I didn't ask for the opinion of a part-time devil!

Maou: Yeah, okay, whatever, give me back my umbrella, discount store hero?

Emi: You told me I could through it away, remember? I took it carefully apart and put it in the trash.

Maou: Rude!

Emi: I'm a hero. I can't just leave the devil's umbrella lying around for an innocent to discover.

Maou: You are such a pain...

Emi: That's right. Starting tomorrow, you should watch your back. Humph.

Maou: She sure doesn't seem all that heroic to me...

---

Operator A: Yes, sir. We can do that.

Operator B: I do apologize, ma'am.

Operator C: So, which calling plan sounds best?

Emi: Right. Again, my name is Ms Yusa. And thank you so much for allowing me to assist you.

Rika: Geez! I've had like five million complaints today! At least try cracking open the manual for once, am I right? Oh, hey, so...you wanna grab lunch at that curry place that just opened?

Emi: Eh...don't you think it'll still be too crowded?

Rika: I guess we could just go MgR's if you worried about time?

Emi: Nope! Anything but that. Sorry.

Rika: Gross, another one.

Emi: Here we go.

Rika: Back to it.

Emi, Rika: Thank you for calling docodemo customer service center. How may I help you today?

---

TV Reporter: It's time for Crush That Dinner! Alright, folks! This is the next house as about to get crushed! Eh hee hee hee!
Wow! I've definitely got the scent of something appetizing all of a sudden! Hee hee hee!
Why, this looks sumptuous! Is that a steak I see? Are we celebrating something this evening?!
Aha! Now I see why it smells so good! Focus on this camera guy, you're using high quality meal, aren't you, ma'am? Oh, could this be one of the most expensive cut out there?! No? It's not?

Emi: Uggg...Dah! How was what I'm doing right now?! [Only differ with that both thornies up to?]!

---

Maou: Wish we had a lot more protein this time...

Ashiya: You eat hamburgers on almost daily basis, Sire. You get plenty.

(Chime)

Maou: Diner crush guy?

Ashiya: I'm gonna saying now.

Maou: Or, sales person?

Ashiya: I doubt we live in a kind of neighborhood where people feel comfortable go in door to door in attempt to sell anything illegal...(Sigh) Hello? To whom do we owe the pleasure?

Emi: That's an unexpectably courteous greeting coming from a demon. Especially you, General Alciel?

Maou: Bfwah! Cough...ugg...

Emi: I assume you ought to remember me, Emilia the hero!

Ashiya: Uh...?! Emilia the hero?!

Emi: Yes! Now, open this door immediately! Accept your punishment with a little dignity! ...Hey?!

Ashiya: It's the hero, Sire! The hero's here in Japan and us!

Maou: Yeah...I kind of know already.

Ashiya: You knew she was here and didn't say anything?!

Maou: Nn...I probably should mention it to you earlier. I ran into her yesterday. She might try to kill me...And, cops said we're dating and having a lover's quarrel.

Emi: Yeah! That was mortifying thing ever! Me dating with ruler of demons?! Open up!

Ashiya: And now, she's here. Might I ask why you didn't feel the need to tell me this, Sire?

Maou: Well, I figured she didn't do any real damage. Other than completely stressing me out, she doesn't have any powers left use against me.

Ashiya: So, she is like us. And, most likely, doesn't have the ability to replenish her powers in this world either. Which means, the hero has no more control of the gate than we.

Emi: (Sobbing)

Maou: Oh...let her in.

---

Emi: Tsk! This place is a dump! ...hic. It's shabby. It's tiny. And, it's got paper thin walls. ...hic.

Maou: Okay, now you're just being mean.

Ashiya: The devil's castle prioritize functionality over comfort.

Emi: Oh, really? This is what you call functional? Quite royal feast got there...

Maou: Hey! Ashiya is an amazing cook! He whips up meals out of practically nothing! It's like magic!

Ashiya: I am truly honored by your kind praise, Sire. Many thanks.

Maou: Word.

Emi: Are you both idiots?! The Prince of Lies is really dinning on jelly and cucumbers?

Maou: What's your problem? [Look our green poor.?]

Emi: For real?! Did I travel over way for another world just to kill this disaster?! It's pathetic! I mean, even I've gotta better way to live than this, and I live all by myself!

Maou: Your comrades aren't here?

Emi: No! Just shut up!

Ashiya: Ah!

Emi: I'm all alone here. One of the high priests was supposed coming too. Our plan was go back home as soon as we've destroyed you in this world...But, then Olba was...He was too slow.

---

Emilia: (Olba, hurry up! The gate closes!)

Olba: (I can see that)

Emilia: (Almost there. Nice hustle, we made it! Olba? Oh, no way! Olba!)

---

Emi: It turned out I was the only one to make it through.

Maou: That sucks.

Emi: Thanks, but the last thing I need is a demon's pity!

Ashiya: 'Tis rather amusing. You're like a search party that requires its own search party.

Maou: Tsk, well, now then that settled. You should find yourself a way home. You know where we live, but it's not like we're gonna move away and hide. We can't afford to. I just have to begin my new attempt at world conquest from this current Devil's Castle.

Emi: This from someone who can't even get a full-time job?

Maou: If you think I plan to live a peaceful part-timer's life, you're dead wrong. I've got goals. One o which is subjugate this world!

Emi:
Nn...

Maou: Fu fu...For you information, hero, MgRonal's sometimes let's the part-timers go full-time!

Emi: Eww...

Maou: Fu ha ha...! Hear me, Emilia! I shall become a regular employee in this world...! And thus accumulate wealth and social status! I will become so powerful all manner of humans kneel before me! Then I will invade Ente Isla once more!

Ashiya: (Clap his hands)

Emi: That's ludicrous...

Maou: Heh, don't feel bad. I'm sure a mere human like you has no way of understanding my lofty aims.

Ashiya: I suspect she understands all too well, Sire.

Emi: Wow. Somehow, I just don't care. Huh. Good bye. I'm going home now. I have work tomorrow. But don't get the wrong idea. If I use my remaining power, I can kill you anytime I want.

Maou: Really? Then, what are you waiting for?

Emi: If I use it all upon you, I won't be able to go home to Ente Isla. As long as you behave, I'll let you live until I figure a way out of here. Oh, and in this world, my name is Emi Yusa. Try not to forget it.
...What's with calling yourself Sadao anyway. Nobody in this generation is that name!

Maou: You need to apologize to all the Sadao for that crack!

---

Rika: Hey, Emi, You've been like really stress lately, haven't you? Wanna grab dinner and talk about it?

Emi: Nnn...Actually, I can't. I have something to do tonight.

Rika: Do you have a date? You didn't tell me about it?

Emi: No! It's not like that at all!

---

Emi: There is no way the devil is living like a freaking poorper just because...I can't let him out of my sight.

Maou: Oh, come on, man! Why do I have to go?!

Ashiya: I cannot do this alone, Sire! The task requires your power as well...We must hurry or we'll be too late!

Maou: Geez, it'll be fine. We got tons of time...

Ashiya: This is war, Sire! Steal yourself!

Emi: Where are they ahead at this time of day...?

---

Ashiya: Let's get back in line again, we can each buy another carton that way...

Maou: No. It's against the rules.

Emi: Umm...

---

Rika: Emi, how about grabbing dinner tonight?

Emi: Oh, I can't... I'm sorry I've got some errand I have to run.

---

Maou: Ashiya! I'm leaving you behind! I'm not waiting any longer! It's time for that bath!

Ashiya: Please, Sire, wait for me! I just need to lock the door!

Emi: A bath? As in...a bloodbath?!

---

Maou: Sweet...! Made it in time...Haa, wish they keep the place up in twenty-four hours...You know what? When I conquer this world, the first thing I'm gonna do is make sure bathhouse is never close.Ha ha ha...

Ashiya: Ha ha ha...!

---

Rika: Okay, you have to come out with me tonight.

Emi: Yeah...urm....

Rika: You can't be busy again?

Emi: Yeah, I know, I suck.

Rika: You're totally putting misters before sisters...

Emi: No! I told you it's not like that!

---

Ashiya: Sire, please don't!

Maou: How can be not curious about this demonic experiment?

Ashiya: Demonic?! More like insipid!

Maou: Ah? Ah...ah? Ah...

Ashiya: Oh...

Maou: Oh...just like Chi said! You got it at least try this. It tastes like melon! I mean that little...

Ashiya: "Melon," my foot! A cucumber is a cucumber, whether you put honey on it or not!

Emi: Maybe I just go home...

Ashiya: Now, you listen me, Sire. Only those with leeway in a budgets can afford take such risks with their food!

Maou: Oh, come on...Can you not find any leeway in your heart?

Ashiya: I do not appreciate your snarky retorts at all! If you're craving melon enough to want to mix cucumbers and honey together, you better off just buying the melon! Seriously! What are you looking at?

Maou: ...An earthquake.

Ashiya: Don't try to distract me!

Maou: Sheesh, calm down!

Ashiya: And don't you "sheesh" me! Sheesh you, King Satan!

Maou: Heh, sheesh...

---

Maou: ......Welcome!

Emi: May I have a moment?

Maou: Are you ready to order some food, miss?

Emi: I need to speak with you outside.

Maou: Takeout order, then.

Emi: As soon as you get off work, meet me at the intersection where we first met. And I'm not taking "No" for an answer.

Maou: Would you like to make that a meal?

Emi: Come along, or else.

Maou: Okay. We can do that. Just a burger this time. Could I get one Big Mg please?! To go!

Emi: I don't plan fighting you either. So don't chicken out.

Maou: Great. Thanks a bunch. Step to the side, please? Your food will be right out.

[Emi went out the shop with a hamburger in her left hand]

Maou: Such a pain...

Chiho: That customer was kind a weird, wasn't she?

Maou: Sure was. Takes all kinds as they say.

Chiho: Looked like you two were talking about somethin'. Do you know her?

Maou: ...I guess you could say we have a bit of history.

Chiho: Huh! I knew she smelled fishy!

Maou: How come?

Chiho: First of all, she was sort of pretty, wasn't she?! Did you think she was pretty? Huh?!

Maou: I don't understand why you're yelling at me. What's this all about? It's not like your---nh. Welcome to MgRonald's. I can take your order whenever you are ready.

---

Chiho: 'Kay, I'm heading off for the day, Mr. Maou.

Maou: Hm? Night, Chi. Be careful.

Chiho: Bye. I'll be back in tomorrow. Oh, by the way.

Maou: Yeah?

Chiho: Were you all right in yesterday's earthquake?

Maou: Earthquake? Oh yeah, I guess there was one...some reason, my roommate didn't feel it.

Chiho: Your who did what?!

Maou: ...My who did what, what?

Chiho: You did tell me you had a roommate!

Maou: Let's stick the earthquake.

Chiho: Oh...right. Massive hit my place super hard. When I got home from school, all of my books and CDs were around the floor. It was such a mess.

Maou: What? I didn't realize it was that big. I barely felt it.

Chiho: Weird. That's what everyone at school said too, so I guess it was just randomly focused on where I live, then...
MR. MAOU, I ALMOST FORGOT!

Maou: Wh--what?!

Chiho: Well, mh-mm that time, you tell me you have a roommate?!

Maou: I do...?

Chiho: MIGHT, THIS, UM...! Might this roommate be of the girlfriend roommate for switching barriers is just said out?!

Maou: No. It's not a girlfriend. I'm broke, so I live with an old serv---I mean, old friend of mine.

Chiho: Oh~! Well, that's totally fine, then. Heh...Thank goodness!

Maou: For what?

---

Maou: So, what do you wanna talk about?

Emi: I want the answer to important question. The truth, would you prefer to stay in this world forever?

Maou: What? No, of course I wouldn't. Geez, why did that even come from?

Emi: I've watched your behavior and attitude at work. Not to mention your crap home over the last several days.

Maou: So, now you're stalking me?

Emi: You haven't done anything evil and living a simple, serious life. Your manager and your coworkers all trust you implicitly. And, you deal customers confidently and kindly. You're the perfect MgRonald's employee.

Maou: That's not a compliment, is it?

Emi: I was ready to write off what you said, about trying conquer this world for yourself. But, now I'm starting to think there was some truth behind those words. Because...if you're willing to spend a rest of your life in this world, then I don't feel a need to defeat you just for the sake of it. Why don't you and Alciel to stay here in conquer stuff?

Maou: If telling straight men to live with other straight men forever is some sort of twisted thing you've got, you need major help, lady...

Emi: I think you should give up on Ente Isla. Find a new life and a new enemy here on Earth.

Maou: Ha! Not gonna happen. I told you, I'm going back to Ente Isla, and I will subjugate.

[The tension between Maou and Emi became high, then Maou's bicycle got punctured]

Maou: Ah!

Emi: Oh...he's unbelievable...Maybe I'm wrong, he's not the Devil.

Maou: Oh, a flat tire! Get it together, Dullahan! How could you die on me right after I bought you!

Emi: Jeez, dramatic match? You know you can fix a flat for practically nothing, don't you?

Maou: Are you for real? Then, I'll go first thing in the morning! Wah! ...I think someone's shooting at us?!

Emi: I think you're right! Aah!

Maou: [What's, and why] do that sign?!

Emi: I didn't say you could touch me!

Maou: Are you seriously arguing with me right now?! Uh...Not bad for a girl.

Emi: Do me some credit! I'm the Hero.

Maou: Oh? Give you credit if you get off on me.

Emi: Ah?! That was your fault for being weak and let me land on you!

Maou: It's early enough for there to be plenty of people at the train station. How fast can you run?

Emi: I'm better and faster than you since you used to riding bike all the time!

Maou: Race you there. Come on!

---

Maou: Hah, hah...I guess, they're not...following us out this far, huh? We should be safe now...hah...

Emi: What do you think that was about?

Maou: I don't know, but...it was no ordinary sniper...hah...Those bullets were made of magical energy...

Emi: Magic? So, what's that mean?

Maou: We're dealing with someone fairly powerful. And, that someone knows who you and I really are.

Emi: But, who could that possibly be?

Maou: A mystery sniper at a precise place a Demon and a Hero meet up, the logical assumption is they gotta be from Ente Isla. You see the kind of trouble you get me into...

Emi: Wait! You think this is my fault?!

Maou: If you'd picked the safer time and place, this wouldn't have happened. So, yes, I think this is your fault.

Emi: Wrong! It's totally your fault! For working so late!

Maou: Well, we could have met in the afternoon.

Emi: I have to work in the afternoon, genius!

Maou: That's not really my problem, is it?

Emi: Hey! Where are you...?!

Maou: I gotta work early. Men, home to crush.

Emi: Wait, you're going off alone?

Maou: That's the plan. You probably ought to be careful out here. See ya.

---

Maou: ...Now, what do you want? You're planning to go on a night raid, something like that?

Emi: No, nothing like that. Promise...

Maou: Then, what's the big idea? My landlady lives in the apartment right next door to us! I'd rather avoid running into her. So no making scene, okay?

Emi: Umm...

Maou: Geez. What is it?

Emi: Oww...this makes me wanna puke just asking...Eh, and more importantly, it's breach of my faith. But, still...

Maou: Did you come here just to trying piss me off?

Emi: Um...would...you...

Maou: What?

Emi: Um...would...you let me stay the night...with you? ...While we ran...I dropped my wallet.

---

Ashiya: Huh?! Emilia the Hero?!

Maou: Keep your pants on, she doesn't have the energy to fight [at them out.?]

Ashiya: Unacceptable! You are the King of Darkness! You cannot simply party the night away with some [???]!

Maou: We've got shot at earlier tonight with magical bullets. Both of us were targeted, too.

Ashiya: No, my liege!

Maou: Yes. And, she dropped her wallet while we were running away. So apparently, she lives too far away to work. Guess, I mean, a bike is better than you thought, huh?

Ashiya: I'm confused, Sire. Are you saying she's spending the night with us?

Maou: That's what I'm saying. Come on in, Emi.

Emi: Um...thank you for having me...

Maou: You can say whatever. And FYI, don't expect any luxury or anything, like the bed to sleep on.

Emi: No worries, I won't.

Ashiya: What kind of disrespectful attitude is that in the face of Kind Satan's act of benevolence?!

Maou: Shut it, Ashiya. Or the landlady will show up! Here, Emi. You can use this.

Emi: Uh...That's the same detergent I use...

Maou: If you wanna pillow, use some of those magazines. Suppose, I can lend you a little money for out too. Use it and get out of here on the first buss.

Emi: O-kay...

Ashiya: His Evilness graciously lent you that money from his less than meager savings! Treat it with reverence!

Emi: You've meant yourselves clear! I'll leave in the morning! Thanks for the loan! Good night! Ugh!

Ashiya: I dislike this one...

Maou: We should turn into.

Ashiya: Right. But, know that I shan't let my guard down! So, none of your funny business!

Emi: This is the worst...How did I end up here...?

---

Maou: You know, we were pretty miserable at first, too. Remember?

Ashiya: Yes, Sire.

Maou: And, we've got through it okay because there were two of us. But, Emi doesn't have anyone.

Ashiya: Is it just me, King Satan? Are you growing soft...

Maou: Um? ...Who's this? Earthquakes? There are more than coming...? Hmm? Oh, I've gotta text from Chi, too. "There's going to be another earthquake. What do I do?" ...Weird.

Ashiya: Something wrong, Sire?

Maou: What's going on...?

--- ED ---
  