
  Emi: Why...? Why would the Devil rescue humans?

--- OP ---

News Reporter: I'm reporting now from helicopter, above the site of massive subway collapse! There are plenty emergency vehicles on the scene, and the atmosphere is solemn, but, and this is fairly shocking, despite the magnitude of this disaster, there are no casualties recorded. I repeat. At this time, the police are not recording any casualties. Looking at---

---

Young Emilia: Daddy! Fu fu...Almost there, daddy! Ha ha ha! I brought some lunch!

Emilia's Father: Oh, great! Thanks, sweetie.

Young Emilia: ...You like it?

Emilia's Father: Of course!

Villager: Afternoon, Nord! Hi, Emilia! Wow, that looks good. Did you make it?

Young Emilia: I sure did!

Villager: I bet it delicious!

Young Emilia: Yup! Here, you have some, too.

Villager: Oh, that's very kind of you!
...Did you hear? Both Eastern and Northern lands fell to the Devil's army. Everyone's saying the West is bound to be next.

Emilia's Father: We're protected by the Grand Hoshin Church and the Royal Army. So, I have no doubt we'll be perfectly fine. There's nothing to worry about.

Villager: If you ask me, there's a lot to worry about. Especially, if the Demon General Lucifer attacks...I say we hope you're right though...

Young Emilia: Are the demons coming here?

Emilia's Father: If they do, I promise you'll be okay. The holy father's prayers protect us. No one worry you.

Young Emilia: My daddy's right, you know! Listen! My daddy never ever lies! Tell him, daddy?

Villager: Ahh...Yup, that is true! You're smart girl, Emilia.

---

Young Emi: It's you, holy father. Did you come to save us from the demons like my daddy said you would? Ah! Aha ha! Daddy! Look! The holy father came to save the village! ...Uh?

Emilia's Father: Emilia, he didn't come here for the village. He came here for you.

Young Emilia: Me? But why?

Emilia's Father: Sweet heart, I've been protecting you for this day...

Young Emilia: For what day?

Emilia's Father: I know this is confusing. But, you are an angel's child. The only human in Ente Isla with the power to defeat the Devil.

Young Emi: No, that can't be. I'm your daughter, not the daughter of an angel.

Emilia's Father: But you are, Emilia. Your mother was an angel.

Young Emilia: That doesn't make sense! I don't understand what you're saying to me, Daddy!

Emilia's Father: You will, sweetheart.

Young Emilia: You're coming with me, right? Don't make me go with them all by myself, please...

Emilia's Father: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry... I pray you lead a life full of light, in a world you freed from any trace of evil...Emilia, my darling girl, I love you, with all my heart.

Emi: And that...was the last time I ever saw my father. Several days after I was separated from him, our village was burned to ash by the demon army sent to crush the West. General Lucifer led the attack...

Priest: I know you're in pain, Emilia. But, do not lose heart. Remember you have inherited the power of your mother, one of the great angels. Now, listen: "Better Half," the sacred evolving sword, is a holy weapon that only children of both a human and an angel can wield. You, my dear, are the only human in Ente Isla with the power to defeat Devil.

Young Emilia: Then...will you please teach me to fight with that sword?

---

Emi: I swear I will defeat the Devil myself... Ah! Back off!

Maou: What? You're acting like a life was flashing before your eyes, so I thought something was wrong.

Emi: I'm fine. And besides, the Devil isn't allowed to worry about me. ...Eh? Why are you back to that craptastic form?

Maou: Seem out that was just uncalled for...

Chiho: Mr. Maou?

Maou: Hm? Chi?

Chiho: I...I wanna...

Maou: Hash, I'm just glad you're okay.

Chiho: Ah ha ha, thanks...

Police Man: Hey, you kids. It's dangerous here, you need to---hold on, you're inspector Sasaki's daughter, aren't you?

Chiho: I'm Chiho. I mean, yes, that's right. Senichi Sasaki at West Shiinjuku Station is my father.

Maou: Huh?

Police Man: I knew I recognized you. Give me a sec, I'll go get him.

Maou: Hmm...

Chiho: Um...Mr. Maou?

Maou: Oh, hey, I get it. Don't worry. No girl wants to tell her father she's in the bad disaster zone, especially because of a date...I feel the same way.

Chiho: I'm sorry.

Maou: Please, it's no big deal. I'll see you tomorrow.

Chiho: 'Kay. And, Miss Yusa, I should thank you as well...

Maou: Sasaki from West Shinjuku Station...It's no coincidence, then...I'm the reason she's hearing that voice. The magic I used when I first got here, must have affect Chiho somehow...

Emi: So, what's you plan?

Maou: I think I'll try eating a bunch of underground cafes, then wait for one to fall on me.

Emi: How stupid are you?

Maou: Oh, shut up. Haa...I'm tired, I'm gonna go home now, and get some rest.

Emi: You what?!

Maou: I'm sure you've realized nothing else will happen today. I imagined only to regroup instead of big attack failed.

Emi: Attack?

Maou: Yeah, that was no natural quake. We weren't just coincidentally almost killed in the same place, the same time again. Someone set it up.

Emi: Ah...

Maou: Could've been a sonar or pulse for some kind of magical interference. I'm not a hundred percent, though. What I can tell you for sure is that both of our covers are blown.

Emi: Then, our enemy...?

Maou: Has been standing right next to us. I wonder if maybe he didn't try to follow through, because of my magic started to come back.

Emi: But, who? Who could possibly be after both of us? And, also who can produce that kind of power in the world where we can't even replenish all our magic or celestial force?

Rika: Emi! Emi! Hey, Emi, It's me! Over here!

Emi: Rika?

Maou: Wow, you actually have a friend? Didn't see that coming.

Emi: Shut up! Like you can talk?

Maou: Oh, go on. She's waiting.

Emi: Yeah, hear her. Humph!

Maou: Hm...

Rika: Oh, thank goodness! You're okay!

Maou: See ya later.

Ashiya: Your majesty!

Maou: Great, what now?

Ashiya: Please, please forgive me, Sire! Not only did I allow Emilia near you, but I failed to notice the enemy closing in! Then I selfishly put you in a position to save my pathetic life! How can I ever be a part of this atrocity!

Maou: Quit making a scene, man! You're not hurt, are you?

Ashiya: Oh...you graciously inquire after my welfare?! Oh, Sire!

Maou: Oh! Freaking! it's creeping me out! Let me go!

---

Rika: Oh, so your parents live abroad?

Emi: Yeah, you could say that. I'm sorry for just crushing.

Rika: Nh, hey, no problem. I'm sorry dragging all over here.

Emi: You didn't drag me here.

Rika: Did, too. Because, based on my own experience, I don't know, I just---I figured you probably shouldn't be alone right now, so...Hmm...Here you go! You missed out on dinner, right?

Emi: Yeah...And, I'm starving! Here's like my stomach is eating itself!

Rika: Then, by all means! Dig in, sister!

---

Ashiya: Please, Sire, punish me harshly! You cannot dismiss this, I'm unworthy to stand at your side...

Maou: I already told you! Just forget about the whole damn thing!

Police Man A: Excuse me? Could I have a word with you two?

---

Emi: Ah! That was amazing! Thank you!

Rika: Oh yeah, more than welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed it. There was an appetite like that, guess I don't have to worry.

Emi: Truth.

Rika: Oh, excuse me for a second. Hello? Oh good, you got it? No, it wasn't expensive at all! Grand-pa loves pretty much any liqueur, couldn't care less about the brand. Hee hee...Today's quake? Oh yeah, that wasn't the big deal at all. Oh, it's close for sure, but I'm totally fine, so let everyone know, okay? Alright, bye. ...Mom's. Sorry about that.

Emi: Is that her?

Rika: Yep. One and only.

Emi: Did they live close, or they're abroad like mine?

Rika: Oh no, they're just in Kobe. Not too far away. I don't normally talk about where I'm from, because I always get awkward questions.

Emi: Awkward? Like what?

Rika: Well, people wanna know about that whole earthquake thing, which tragedies like for me.

Emi: ...

Rika: I was just a kid when it happened, but it's not like I have super easy time talking about it. That disaster was the scariest thing I've been through. I don't know why, but everyone always asks the questions those are the hardest to answer.

Emi: Yeah...I can empathize with you there...Oh, Rika? What's with the surprise hug?

Rika: You're the fist one, Emi...

Emi: Hmm?

Rika: You're the first person I've ever met who didn't ask anything insensitive as soon as they found out I was from Kobe. Once someone's perspective get shifted so dramatically, you can't tell which way they'll go, so it's hard to have faith in people. There's always those ones who take advantage of the chaos...to do bad things, you know. But then, others are so kindhearted. They'll do whatever they can to help you. Even after they've lost everything. So, I was thinking that...you know how when you feel unsure, it's kind of like your angel side and your demon side are arguing each other of what you should do? It's like, well, it's up to people to make that choice. They can either go with the angel or go with the demon, right?

Emi: Yeah, maybe...they can choose...?

---

Police Man A: Now, you boys are with an acting troupe.

Maou, Ashiya:
Huh?
What?

Police Man A: I used to wanna be an actor, so I know exactly where were you coming from. But you can't practice lines on the sidewalk, okay?

Ashiya: Er...

Police Man A: I'm sure it's tough trying to get a full-house, but there's gotta be a better way, just don't give up. Look, it may not mean much for a man whose dream never came true. But, the minute to give up, its all over!

Ashiya: Right...

Police Man A: Oh, and watch your backs, we've heard on muggings run here lately, don't want people start to accusing you.

Maou: ...

---

Rika: You can take the first bath, Emi.

Emi: Okay, thanks.

News Caster: Yet another business man is had brief case stolen on the way home from work...

Rika: What? Another one?

Emi: There have been a lot of muggings lately.

Rika: Yeah, it's totally crazy, makes me wish I had my own personal body guard. Maybe one with nice six pack. You should consider yourself lucky, Emi?

Emi: Huh?

Rika: You know, you got the guy you are talking to before.

Emi: Wha---That guy's a twit!

Rika: You two gotta be close to know that.

Emi: Umm...

Rika: Sorry, I'm gonna be a Nosy Nancy, now dish, who is that hot guy, anyway?

Emi: He!---ugg...whatever! He means absolutely nothing to me!

---

Rika: I'm leaving some towels here for you.

Emi: Cool. Thank you, Rika. Haa... This feeling...what could it be? It's so...warm. Is this...the power of the human heart? If so, is that what was affecting him when he saved those people...?

---

Maou: Yes, what do you want? It's early.

Emi: Don't worry. It's not poison, or razor blade or anything like that.

Maou: Funny, because I cannot take any reason you give me something not dangerous...

Emi: Oh, well, sweet. Is that mean I get to keep the money I owe you?

Maou: ! Hu hu...

Emi: Consider us even.

Maou: Huh? Hardly, or did you forget your promise to leave us alone for a while?

Emi: Did you forget how I bailed your asses out? Like I said, even!

Maou: You still suck!

Emi: Yeah, shut up. How's Alciel? Did he make out the collapse okay?

Maou: For the most part. He's not physically injured. But he seems to have taking a sizable psychological hit...

Emi: Eh?

---

Ashiya: Please, your majesty! Oh, Sire! Forgive me! I'm...

---

Maou: I told him about how I got some of my power back, but he still beat himself up all night for not being able to do anything for his king in crisis...So, he's taking the morning off and sleeping in...sheesh. So, what about you? Do you have the chance to recover from a little attack? Collect me if I'm wrong, but you used some of power to put Chi to sleep?

Emi: Ug...yeah, thank you for asking, but you don't get to know everything.

Maou: Fine, be that way...And, feel free to skedaddle too.

Emi: My pleasure!

Maou: It's too early for this...Oh, and...be careful with those shoes on stairs---

Emi: Eh! Whaah!

Ashiya: Enemy?! It's ambush?!

Emi: Uh, ug...

---

Emi: Hhmm...

Ashiya: I have never, for the hero who very nearly vanquished King Satan, even in this assumed form, to sustain so many injuries falling down the super flight of stairs? Well, you have sullied his majesty's reputation. ...Oh, we only have bandages. I thought we purchase gauze, did that not happen?

Maou: Apparently not. I know it's a pain, but would you make a quick run to the pharmacy and pick some up? Medical tape, too. I really don't wanna have to hear her whining at me again...

Emi: Umm...

Ashiya: As you with, Sire. Might I borrow Dullahan for this journey?

Maou: Permission granted. ...Guess we can go ahead in disinfected.

Emi: Eh?

Maou: Here.

Emi: Don't touch me! I can handle it myself!

Maou: Jeez...Well, excuse me, princess? How about it?

Emi: Aitz...!

Maou: Stings of it, huh?

Emi: Does this?!

Maou: Ew?! Dude! What was that for?! Chill out!

Emi: Shut up! What are you doing?! You are the Devil! So why haven't you been acting like a demon at all?! Like, not a single atrocity!

Maou: I honestly don't understand where all this is coming from?

Emi: No! You're poor, you cock, you're respected your laying job. You charm, you're wiling to the heart of high school girls! I've never heard of a devil being proud of some random teenager have a crush on him!

Maou: That part seems a little personal...

Emi: BECAUSE IT WAS PERSONAL!!

Maou: Tsk! Well, I've never seen a hero who so a nut she falls down stairs, cry, and has to get put back together by a couple of demons!

Emi: Mm...nn...hmm...Why are you being so courteous?

Maou: What?

Emi: Why be nice to me...to people? Why are you being nice to this world? ...If you have the capacity for compassion...if you have the capacity for kindness, why didn't you show it when you killed my father?! The devil I know is cruel and vicious. He murdered humans and squash them under his feet like they were bugs. And, you know what makes that devil happy? Death and destruction and sorrow and blood!

Maou: I...er...

Emi: You burned our fields with your fire! Destroyed our castles with lightning! You swept away our towns with floods! You are the ruler of demons, and you allowed monsters any brutality. I swear. I will never forgive you. Our home, our fields, my father's life...You took away everything I've ever in love! I was happy! You destroyed it all! Never...! I'll never forgive you!

Maou: Whoa...okay...I've never given it much thought, but...I'm sorry, you know? ...Back then, I didn't really understand what humans were like...

Emi: Ggh...!

Chiho: Morning, Mr. Maou!

Maou, Emi: Eh?!

Ashiya: Look, who I run into while at the pharmacy. I asked her to come by, and...?

Chiho: And, I should not have come. I'm interrupting something...! You...you two really are a thing...!

Maou: Chi? No!

Emi: I swear we're not! I-it's not how it look!

Chiho: Ah! I! I'm sorry!

Maou: Chiho!

Emi: So...that was bad.

Maou: Oh...

Miki: My. A lover's quarrel with his old flame over his beautiful new girl...and without warning, the newly sweet heart arrives on the scene just in time to discover her darling love never truthfully broke things off with his ex...Well, this is the variety sort of romantic drama that's serve enough to cause the diabetes.

Ashiya: Yes! I feel the same way!

Maou: Of course, you know...

Miki: I, Miki Shiba, and the landlady of this fine establishment. I take it you are Mr. Maou's girlfriend, or one of them at the very least?

Emi: I'm not dating this looser!

Maou: Chop looser! Ms. Shiba, I---

Miki: No. "Mikity," please?

Maou: Oh...right, forgot...

Miki: Listen, kids. I'm having some repairs done to the building. This is my official notification to the tenants. Quite a few disturbing occurrences these days, cave-ins and muggings and what have you.

Emi: Uh-huh.

Miki: I wonder if something will happen again today, don't you?

Ashiya: I, er...I hope not.

Miki: Which reminds me. That adorable young lady who was just here seems to run off towards the train station in tears...

Emi: Ah? ...Another earthquake?

Miki: Mr. Maou.

Maou: Yeah?

Miki: If you've involved her, I hope you to prepare to take full responsibility.

Maou: Eh...for what?

Miki: Come now, surely you've realize the truth. That child took direct sonar hit and receive the idea link transmission, and earthquake at this moment is hardly a coincidence. A human being's thought and will having immense power, right? I imagine if anyone knew that to be a fact would be the three of you. And, my opinion you should run to her rescue before it's too late...

Maou: That was...weird.

Emi: Ah!

---

Albertio: (I think I am going to be Gate-Sick)

Emeralda: (Keep it together! It appears we will not have any time to rest when we get there)

Albertio: (Really? You have picked up something?)

Emeralda: (I am indeed detecting some artificial magic, which is unlikely. Shockingly, this is unsupported by the Japanese magic reserves. I calculated this with sonar measurements)

Albertio: (Is Emilia in trouble?)

Emeralda: (Possibly. We should prepare for and immediate fight)

Albertio: (Right, then let's hurry. I can take it)

Emeralda: (Understood. Here we, go!)

Albertio: (Try not to shake me)

---

Chiho: Hic...hic...Why...why am I even crying...? I can't believe it...! I must love Mr. Maou after all...Ah! I'm sorry...

Lucifer: Well, well, you make a nice meal.

Chiho: Eh?

Lucifer: I've been watching you since my mass of fail earlier, you know, just in case. But I never figured you get so miserable so easily...Chiho Sasaki?

Chiho: Huh?

Lucifer: I'm gonna feed on your bitterness and despair over the Devil and the hero. With your sad little heart, I materialize right here...

Man: Hey, get out of the way, bro? Wah!

Chiho: Ah...?!

Lucifer: It's time for the hunt...Today, I rise above Satan himself!

---

Maou: ...?!

Ashiya: This won't go for us.

Maou: Huh? ...It's him.

Emi: Him, who? Hang on...Is that who's been behind all of this?

Maou: He's in obvious...Ha, I knew it's you...

Emi: No...no, it can't be...

Lucifer: Ooh, it isn't the Great King Satan? All right...I suppose I should call you Sadao Maou from now on, yeah?

Maou: Call me whatever you want. Why are you here? Aren't you dead, Demon General Lucifer?

--- ED ---
  