
  Maou: Ha ha...How does this feel to be power to against this flame which consume you...?!

Ashiya: King Satan...

Maou: Your flesh, your entrails...I shall nourish my ambition and the bowel until nothing remains but memories...!

Ashiya: Sire...could you listen to me for a moment?

Maou: Now! Let the feast of feast begin! The time for the first sacrifice's offering's [primary come?]...Your mine!

Ashiya: Your Majesty!

Maou: ...Jeez, Ashiya, what's the problem?

Ashiya: Please feast a bit more quietly, Sire. You're disturbing the people around us...

Maou: Oops. Sorry, I'm just really excited. Look at this! Beef intestines are so good! For the first time, I totally get those demons who love eating entrails.

Ashiya: That's certainly wonderful to hear, Sire...But, vegetables are just as important as by the organs. A proper diet is balanced.

Maou: Will you alright enough for once? Come on, we're celebrating my promotion on the night. Oh, hey, you think we should buy dinner for Urushihara before we leave? I'm [xxx] to grab something to go.

Ashiya: Hardly necessary...Apparently, he learned the online shopping recently. That creet is utterly demolishing our budget.

Maou: Er?

Ashiya: I employ you to bring the hummer down on him, Sire.

--- OP ---

Priest: (You say Olba is missing?)

Bell: (Yes. it seems the hero Emilia is alive in the other world)

Priest: (What?!)

Bell: (That's not all. The Devil is there as well)

Priest: (Th--The Devil, too? Olba said he died with the Better Half after a battle at the Devil's Castle)

Bell: (Tis a downright lie, as expected. Additionally, I also believe Father Olba was behind the capture of Emeralda and Albert, although I am not yet certain why)

Priest: (What? That cannot be)

Bell: (We have confirmation Emeralda has returned to the Holy Saint Aire Empire. I got a report Emerald is spreading word of Emilia's survival. As well as Father Olba's apostasy)

Priest: (A high priest?!)

Man: (Please, Father Robertio, you need to remain calm!)

Priest: (Branded and apostate?)

Man: (Try not to make such shocking reports here)

Bell: (I report the truth)

Priest: (We cannot ignore what it means for Saint Aire's Court Celestialist to acknowledge Emilia's survival. To make matters worse, it would contradict the Church's official announcement of her death)

Bell: (What shall we do, Father?)

Priest: (What--What do you mean?)

Bell: (Olva's a heretic. Do we acknowledge that? Or liquidate the threat, of those who know? Including Emilia)

Priest: (That is absurd!)

Bell: (But you are the ones who instruct those who work for the Inquisition to commit similar absurdities)

Priest: (All right, what about you? What would you do in this case?)

---

Maou: We're home.

Urushihara: You're late! I'm starving!

Ashiya: Try to be polite and welcome my master back home properly. Without his majesty's benevolence, you would be homeless right now.

Maou: Lucky, we brought a present for you.

Urushihara: You guys go get eat, but all I get is a crappy pork bowl? From the cheap convenience store?

Ashiya: We obtain that computing device and internet environment for you. How much do you think that cost? You have no right to complain.

Urushihara: Yeah, but I can't eat computer, can I?

Ashiya: Then, do what you're supposed to do, and gather information on existing magic in this world for his majesty. Depending on your success, you can get a large pork bowl instead. Or, maybe even the jumbo one.

Urushihara: Jumbo pork?! That's all?!

Maou: About this computer stuff, are you seriously get out? Because I don't get it at all.

Urushihara: Well, if you don't believe me, I'll show you some what I can do right now.

Emi: ...Haa, boo, I wish today what hurry up. Thank you for calling to Docodemo customer service center? My name is Emi Yusa, how may I help you today?

Maou: Wow, you got through! Nice one, dude, you are good!

Emi: What?

Maou: Hey, Emi! Can you hear us?!

Emi: Oh...Maou. I'm working right now, and you know it! What do you think you are doing?!

Maou: Oh, don't be mad. This is a hacking experiment. Urushihara said he do all kinds of stuff if he had a computer, so I made my first big credit card purchase and got one for.

Emi: I have several questions for you, but first of all, who's Urushihara?!

Maou: Oh, that's Lucifer.

Emi: What?! What do you mean Lucifer?! Don't tell me he staying you---

Maou: Bye. We're interrupting.

---

Maou: Thank you very much!

Chiho: Mr. Maou, you are like, so cool! I mean, you've already made shift manager after less than the year. You should be proud!

Maou: You think? I feel like I'm just a chief's substitute for the boss when she's not around.

Chiho: Wait, doesn't that mean...we're even if it's only a couple of people for not that long a time? You're technically ruling over humans, right?

Emi: Wrong. I won't allow it.

Maou: Emi?

Chiho: Welcome to MgRonald's!

Emi: I need to talk to you!

Maou: I'm working right now, and you know it. What are you think you're doing?

Emi: You started it! Well, I was---shut up! I'll sue you did just there.

Chiho: Excuse me...? But I, er...Interest you in delicious order of jalapeno fries? There are a featured item today...

---

Urushihara: Oh, suck. It can't handle online gaming. That was the whole point of this thing...Hm? ...I know you.

---

Ashiya: Cappadocia. Given all the evidence I've amassed, that it's not impossible this site is the former home of lower level demon who was vanished to Earth...And, if that's indeed the case, there's a chance we maybe able to replenish our magic there...Although, there's no telling how many month worth of his majesty's wages would take to fund to trip to Turkey. Er...the land lady?

---

Woman: Thank you. Good night!

Maou: So, what do you want from me now?

Emi: Oh, like, you don't know. What was that phone call yesterday?!

Maou: I already told you, Urushihara did it.

Emi: And, why is Lucifer randomly Urushihara?

Maou: Well, that the police arresting Olba, he's trying to lay low. To answer next pressing question, yes, for the lack of better option, I'm letting him stay at my place for a while.

Emi: Three men in that tiny apartment?

Maou: I know...It's not like I have a choice. This point, I'm basically all out of magic. We couldn't go back Ente Isla, even if we want it.

Emi: Oh, sucks for you, I can go back there anytime I want to. I don't have to slave away looking for a source for my power. Controlling the gate is hardly anything I need to worry about.

Maou: Then, why don't you leave me alone and hurry on out of here?

Emi: Because, I am a hero! As long as you stay in this world, I have a duty to keep my eye on you!

---

Maou: Why she's always such a pain...Hey guys, I'm home. Ah? Urushihara?! Hang in there! Who did this to you?! Er...?

Ashiya: Sire, you mustn't look at that...Please, it's not more th---

Maou: ...You saw a landlady in swimsuit?

Ashiya: Correct. She said she was visiting in Hawaii. And, for some reason, included photo over so frolicking way in Waikiki Beach.

Urushihara: Yeah, it's unbelievable. Why would she show us something so awful. Isn't that gallery supposed to be censored?

Maou: Really, guys? What kind of demons freaked out over a simple picture?

Urushihara: Fine! You look at, then!

Maou: ...Enough for the swimsuits business. Have you gathered info on this world's magic?

Urushihara: Dude! No fair! You're trying to pull a fast one on this!

Ashiya: His majesty's not pulling a fast one. Sometimes, a valiant retreat is simply the best option.

Urushihara: "Variant retreat," my butt. Whatever...I just found some very interesting magical info if you care.

Ashiya: How exactly does this qualify as information about magic?

Urushihara: You can find magical spots here all over. There's a lot more in this world than this pyramids and Stonehenge. If you look, you can find a whole bunch close to us. Other info not necessarily available at the library, though. This might be the best candidate in the area.

Maou: A sealed off class room?

Urushihara: Yup. There's an old room in this school. It's been completely abandoned. Supposedly, you can hear stuff every night. Whispers and laughter and footsteps. Freaky stuff like that. Yeah, ask me, there's probably a demon involved in that story...heh.

---

Maou: ...Guess, this is the place.

Ashiya: You know, I'm surprised it looks so cheery. Do you really think there's a magical spot and possible demon here?

Maou: Hmm...I don't know. I'm not sensing anything so far.

Ashiya: Well, Sire, one does not simply walk into a high school, one does not attend and start exploring the place.

Chiho: Mr. Maou!

Ashiya: ...Miss Sasaki?

Maou: Oh yeah, I knew the name of this school some familiar for some reason must because Chi's talked about it before.

Girl: Hey Chi, is that the boy who work with?

Chiho: Yeah! Mr. Maou!

Girl: Ha ha...who is that guy with him?

Chiho: It is room mate, Mr. Ashiya.

Girl: His roommate?! No way! Are you telling me two males are sharing apartment? Oh my gosh! Do they share bed too? I [bet two in home?], Ah ha ha ha!

Chiho: No! You've got the wrong idea! [???]!

Ashiya: She certainly seems to be enjoying her conversation. I wonder what it's about?

---

Chiho: A sealed off classroom?

Maou: Yeah. From what I've been told, it's supposed to be one of your school's seven wonders. Do you know one any of that means?

Chiho: Yeah, those stories are pretty famous, actually. People would say they can hear monsters groaning, and other mysterious voices whispering...Some of them see reflections of demons in the windows. Wait a minute, that was you by chance, was it?

Maou: No, certainly not. But it's still might have something to do with Ente Isla, so I was thinking I should, you know...I should probably check it out.

Chiho: That makes perfect sense to me! I can set the whole adventure up for you two!

---

Chiho: The old part of the building is this way!

Ashiya: Why was the room sealed off in the fist place?

Chiho: It happened before I was even born. Now, this is only a rumor, but apparently, a student disappeared from that room. Almost like he was spirited away. So they closed up the room and never used it again. So, how would you guys like to take a break? And have a little snack.

Ashiya: You do realizes not a field trip.

Maou: Seems like you have a good time with this.

Chiho: Oh yeah, because no matter where we are, I'm always the one who ends up meeting you and help me out. It feels pretty good to be on the other side for once!

Maou: You're not scared?

Chiho: No, I'm fine as long as I'm with you...

Maou: Cool. So, if there are seven wonders, what are these other six supposed to be?

Chiho: Urm...let me see here...The north stairway with a different number of steps, going up and going down. The statue that walked around covered in blood...The sculpture in the art room is getting the folding eyelids at the three in the morning...The dictionary in the library with the words for curse are stained red...And, the piano in the music room won't one of the notes sometimes won't play...

Ashiya: With the sealed off classroom, that only make six wonders, though.

Chiho: Nobody knows the seventh one. It is said...that if someone learns all seven...

Ashiya: If they learn all seven, what?

Maou: Yeah, what happens then...?

Chiho: They'll get a call on their cellphone, from the neither world. And, their soul's it'll be stolen!

Maou: That doesn't make any sense at all! I mean, why would just finding out get your soul stolen? What if just like a coincidence? It wasn't even your fault to find out!

Ashiya: Sire, please calm down for a moment, and think about it rationally. Why would the story about this room which existed well before Miss Sasaki was born, involve the cellular telephone?

Maou: Good point. Gaah! What the crap, Urushihara?! Try to give me---

Urushihara: Dude, what are you shouting at me for? Where are ya? Did you make at the sealed room?

Maou: No, not yet. So, what are you calling for?

Urushihara: I'm trying to help you. Jeez, listen, the room in question is most likely the area where the gate was opened at the some point before.

Maou: The gate?

Urushihara: Yep, once the gate is open some place, magnetic fields at that particular location destabilized. And it's easier for it's open there again.

Maou: Then, that story about the student was spirited away could actually be true?

Urushihara: Could be, about the poor kid got sucked into the gate. Anyway, if we can managed to be there in the next time it open, [so we least figure out when that is], maybe we can get some magic from it, you never know. Just hold it out when we get there. Lates.

Ashiya: Urushihara and this inter-whatever...I don't understand how we could find out so much so quickly.

Maou: It's like a series of magic too. Uh?! ...You guys hear that too, right?

Ashiya: Maybe it's a security guard?

Chiho: No. The guard should've already left by now...

Maou: Ha, so we might see a demon came through the gate from another world? Knowing that ahead a time means there's nothing to be scared of. Bring it on!

Ashiya: But, do you have an adequate amount of magic left to fight, Sire? If not, you can use this.

Maou: What is it?

Ashiya: A potent talisman. Is is already proven effective against demons like us.

Maou: The landlady's letter? Uh?!

Chiho: I hear footsteps...

Emi: What are you idiots thinking bringing a teenage girl here after dark?!

Maou: Emi?!

---

Emi: Oh, I get it. Your goal is find some way to get magic from the sealed off classroom. Is that right?

Maou: First of all, I don't have to tell you. And, second of all, what are you doing here? The great hero is trespassing?

Chiho: Um, I'm sorry but a...we're no allowed wear shoes inside, would you mind changing into these?

Emi: Look, I was following you guys around as usual and I saw you're sneaking into a school after it was close, so I came to find out what was going on. I'm still not sure what you weirdos interrupt so I just deal...er? I'm here, and going with you and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it! ... Maou! Get back here!

Chiho: I feel guilty...Is it really okay you did that her?

Maou: You better it is, she's annoying and nothing but trouble. Keep on walking.

Emi: Hold on right now! You jerk!

Maou: [This is that *** pain]!

Emi: Stop right now! And, you can't running away from me, I will crush you!

Maou: Hey, what's wrong? Is everything okay?

Chiho: I...! No, I'm fine, it's nothing...

Emi: You'll pay for this, demon! Wraah! ...Nailed it.

Maou: No, you didn't! Psycho!

Chiho: Miss Yusa, that's called an anatomical model! It's like a doll!

Emi: What?

Ashiya: Brave Emilia, the only hero in the history of the universe ever to slice up an anatomical model with the sacred sword.

Emi: Darn...

Maou: Makes me question now, well, she do again some actual opponent.

Ashiya: You need to do about this mess, woman?

Maou: Man, it seems it gotta be expensive...and I won't pay for it.

Chiho: Well, they won't have to know we don't say anything.

Maou, Ashiya: Hmm?

Chiho: But...that's probably out of the question, huh...?

Emi: Well, what, technically you told your fault! Because you're the one who left me behind and maybe she's after you!

Ashiya: Learn how to take some personal responsibility?

Emi: C'mon! Use your magic to fix it!

Maou: Why should I use my precious magic to cover up something you did?

Ashiya: Er...? This model...It only have one heart!

Chiho: Mr. Ashiya, I don't know how demon's work, but human's only come with one heart...

---

Emi: So, it's across this passage way, huh?

Maou: Would you please quit waving that thing around? So, like you're compensating for something...

Emi: Nice try backall, but I don't take orders from you!

Chiho: That's the old part of the building there. The room we're looking for should be on the third floor. All the way up this stairs.

Maou: Okay, let's go.

Emi: Yeah...I'm gonna say this is it.

Chiho: I don't remember there being any actual boards, though...

Maou: What did I just say about waiting that around?

Ashiya: Hm?

Chiho: Mr. Ashiya, what is that noise for?

Ashiya: Look, someone has clearly used this door recently.

Maou: They're not even attached.

Emi: So, the door isn't even actually sealed?

Maou: Is it meal, or someone's been living here...?

Ashiya: Agreed, based on the trash, it would hardy say this place has been sealed shut for years...

Emi: Er...what's that?

Chiho: Isn't it a game system...? Eek!

Maou: What now, Urushihara?!

Urushihara: [Zombie rude], are you there yet?

Maou: Just walked in. What's with you? Some calling every five seconds? It's really annoying!

Urushihara: Do you see anything on the floor? Like, say...a game system?

Maou: Yeah, it's here. We have it right now.

Urushihara: Yeah, I knew it, I had a feeling that's where I'd got left...

Maou: Where at what?

Urushihara: Huh? Oh, nothing. Never mind. Why don't you just go ahead and bring that on home with ya?

Maou: Just tell me one thing...do I have to punch you when I get home?

Urushihara: What, why?

Maou: You said, this was an easy place for the gate to open...this is what you and Olba came through when you got to this world...?

Urushihara: Yeah, that's the place. Did I not say that?

Maou: What do you think?!

Urushihara: Ah, oh, ner...We sort of lived there for a while. And, I accidentally forgot to grab the game out [playing with movie left].

Maou: Urushihara...Better not have sent us out here just to bring back the stupid game.

Urushihara: Don't be silly, give me some credit! I bought, you know, maybe the gate open again, and someone else came through, obviously, did you find anything? Heh, now, get back here already. I'm starving. How about buy the pork bowl of this boy?

---

Maou: Who did that little jack wagon of a demon think he is...?

Ashiya: If you ask me, Sire, we should just sell it at the used game store. We could certainly stand out to have the extra cash...

Emi: Your cheapness never cease us to amaze...

Chiho: Huh? ...Udon?

---

Maou: Haa...Dang, yesterday was a completely waste of time...er?

Chiho: Oh, hi, Mr. Maou!

Maou: Gwwh!

Chiho: I thought that envelope on the floor of the science room...Mr. Maou?! What's wrong? Mr. Maou!

---

Urushihara: Give that back! It's my game! Jeez!

Ashiya: You only get one hour gaming for a day! And, you should be grateful we didn't sell it for the cash I want!

Urushihara: Hey! Give it to me! ...Eh?

---

Maou: Um...Looks like...we have a new neighbor?

Suzuno: Eh!

Maou: Hey! Watch out!

Suzuno: Ow! Ah!

Maou: Are you okay, Miss?

Ashiya: Majesty! Are you all right?

Maou: Yeah, but, er...This girl just sort of fell on me out of nowhere!

Suzuno: Carelessness...the greatest enemy...! Ugh...

Maou: What?

--- ED ---
  