
  Maou: What's this?

Ashiya: Vegetables, Sire. I suppose this is her way of saying thank you. Allow me to ascertain the safety for you.

Maou: Is it good?

Ashiya: Yes, Sire. It's quite good! ...Eh? That's unusual. Why is our key on the floor?

Maou: I'm guessing she opened the window on a way out, lock the door from the outside, and tossed the key back in.

Ashiya: Ah, typical hero...All exemplary in a conduct.

Maou: What would you have done is you were her?

Ashiya: Isn't it obvious? First, I would've locked the door. And then, I would've taken the key with me.

Maou: Typical demon...

Ashiya: Would you have me any other way, Sire?

--- OP ---

Emi: Feel also violated...!

News Caster: And other news. Multiple shots were fired in the Shibuya area before dawn this morning. The area was littered with numerous bullet holes. And, abandoned bicycle hit multiple times with found at the scene of the crime---

Emi: Unbelievable! This jerkwad! Well, it's not my problem...

News Caster: Police believe it's related to the shooting, and they're doing everything they can to track down the owner. Police are also investigating possible links between this incidents and recent string of late night muggings and store front robberies. Although, the exact major the connection remains unclear---

Chiho's Mother: That's hop-skip-jump from here. Darling, isn't that really close to where you work?

News Caster: Moving on then, a minor earthquake had registered in the Kanto region, at approximately 6:20 this morning.

---

Chiho: "I'm not joking or imagining things. I'm really thinking the earthquake is coming. So, if you don't mind, could I ask your advise about this in person?" Er...And, send...!

Maou: "Okay. Does tomorrow evening work? I've got the day off. And, you're not on shift either, are you?"

---

Chiho: Hmm...

Chiho's Mother: Chiho, are you working today?

Chiho: Cough! Eh? No, I'm not. But I am really busy today, you know, whit lots of other stuff!

Chiho's Mother: You just be safe out there.

Chiho: Why wouldn't I be? "Safe?" Huh. That's my middle name!

Chiho's Mother: This neighborhood's not like it's used to be.

Chiho: Yeah, I know, mom.

Chiho's Mother: What is the matter with you...

Chiho: Um, nothing. I'm fine.

Chiho's Mother: Chiho?

---

Rika: Emi, you heard about the shooting, yeah? Wasn't that pretty close where you live?

Emi: No, I'm like three stops from there.

Rika: That's crazy. Anyway, what are you doing for lunch? Wanna head that curry place I told you about? Yes, there'll be a line, but it is toll [???]

Emi: Eh...Thanks, but I'm way too busy to stand in line today. Plus, I lost my wallet.

Rika: What? That sucks!

Emi: Yeah, And now I have to fill out a bunch of forms on my break. Ah...Thank you for your call today. I'm Emi Yusa. How can I help you?

Disguised Voice: Yusa...Sounds to me like fitting and quite nicely, Emilia the Hero.

Emi: ! ...May I ask who is calling?

Disguised Voice: Someone who knows about the hero and the Devil. And, that's not all. I'm gonna do everything with my power to destroy you both.

Emi: Understood, sir. I'll do whatever it takes to keep that from happening.

Disguised Voice: I doubt to admit, I didn't expect you two to join forces.

Emi: That was not our company's desired result either.

Disguised Voice: I guess, not. Either way, King Satan will be taken out. As well Emilia the Hero...It's Ente Isla's will.

Emi: ! Is that right?! ...Eh. I'm afraid we won't have any specifics. We don't have a chance to investigate the situation.

Disguised Voice: The Devil and the hero, running away from little gunfire. That's situation. And, how are you done to investigate?

Emi: A vile tone that seems to echo from the pits of darkness...He's a demon... Alciel is the only reputable general still working among us...so that would make you...nothing. If you think you can scare me with words like "Ente Isla's will," you're dead wrong. I don't listen to idol threats from nobody as like you.

Disguised Voice: When this is all set and done, I guarantee you'll be singing in the different tune.

Emi: ...Um? Takes all kinds, huh?

---

Emi: Hey, so how about that curry place? I remember that how busy the bank is during lunch. Eh? ...Yeah, hello?

Man: Hello there, I'm trying to get in touch with Miss Emi Yusa?

Emi: Yes, that's me.

Man: I'm calling from the Yoyogi police station.

Emi: Heh? ...The Police?

---

Emi: Gwhaaa...! ...Gah!

Maou: Then, think there was a snowball's chance and home data ID us from that bike...these cops are good.

Ashiya: Well, we were definitely right about one thing. Regarding her age, the hero fudge the truth. If I remember correctly, she's only about seventeen or eighteen.

Maou: Yeah, I told you that. But, she must've registered this being at least twenty. No idea why, though. I thought women lied about their age to appear younger.

Ashiya: I don't understand why fudge means lie.

Emi: Gah! Who the crap cares about that?! Why me?! I wanna know! 'Cause I'm little confused! I'M A HERO! SO PLEASE TELL ME WHY I JUST SUPPORT BAIL FOR A COUPLE OF ASS, MY GOOD FOR NOTHING DEMON?!

Maou: ...Dude! Would you please calm down? I'm sorry, but we couldn't think of anybody else.

Ashiya: We weren't positively overjoyed about asking for your help either, but we had no choice.

Emi: Well, I'm for one never thought I have to use my seal and ID card for something that just so DAMN!

Maou: I suppose I could've asked my manager at work to help us out at first...

Ashiya: We can't annoy your boss for such trifles.

Emi: So you annoy me instead?!

Maou: Well, dah. 'Causing trouble for hero is the whole point of being a devil.

Emi: Oh...you win. Can't argue with that logic...

Maou: Don't be mad. We let you stay in our place.

Emi: Ugg...

Ashiya: Emi, relax. Heroes aren't supposed to have nervous break down.

Emi: Yeah?! That's 'cause I never make you, jerks! You fridge is completely empty! Put a little more thought into your grocery list next time! You are Demon General and you don't even know how to shot!

Ashiya: I'm on a diet! ...I-I'm watching my calories!

Emi: Just so you know, I gotta threatening phone call at work today, and that wasn't very pleasant. They are after you two, Maou. Mr. King Satan himself.

Maou: Thanks for the head up.

Emi: I was just a head up. So, don't get the wrong idea, I'm still going to be the one to take you down. And, don't you forget it.

Maou: Just your remind. We're in public, so stop acting like a psycho.

Emi: Ugg...! You suck! Just make sure you don't get murdered by some loser nobody before I get the chance to kill you first!

Maou: They're after both of us, huh...And they called at work of all things...Eh? Haa...

Ashiya: It's a diet and workout place...

Maou: Oh, get a crap, really! Nobody cares about your stupid exercise routine!

---

Chiho: I'm home! ...Hmm!

---

Ashiya: To clarify, what time are you meeting miss Sasaki? Where are you meeting her? And, When can I expect you back?

Maou: What? Are you my mom now? Five o'clock, Shinjuku station.

Ashiya: We do have a better time to spare then. In that case, Sire, you and I must go.

Maou: Wait, go where?

---

Ashiya: Oh yes. Quite fabulous.

Maou: Whatever, where did you get the money to pay for this stuff anyway?

Ashiya: Naturally, I've set aside the secret stash of savings for just a sort of emergency.

Maou: Emergency? I'm just gonna sit there, hear her out, and come home. I don't think this is necessary.

Ashiya: Oh, contrary, Sire! Do you not see a fragile teen-age girl never divulge as deep as fears to anyone but closest confidence! And, that's you! Did she, or did she not reveal it to you, surely you cannot be blind to such a disclosure means!

Maou: Yah! Okay! Would you just chill out?!

Ashiya: And besides, there is no way I arrow you to go on a date dress like some dirty transient bum.

Maou: Ouch...why so harsh?! I do not dress like a transient bum, and you will take that back!

---

Chiho: ...Got this!

---

Chiho: Ah, there you are!

Maou: Hey Chi. Oh, wow, that is new haircut?

Chiho: Glad you notice! Yeah, it's short. So what do you think?

Maou: Er...looks good.

Chiho: Score! I like your outfit. I don't think I've ever seen you are cleaned up like this!

Maou: Er?

Chiho: Oh...not to say you look that before...you always look good...it just now, you're better is all. Er, all I did mean...better. What I mean is...you look so cool.

Maou: Yeah, my roommate told me I need to dress a little nicer for our date.

Chiho: Wow, so you're saying you to think this is a date?

Maou: Er...I guess so, yeah.

Chiho: Score!

Maou: So, what now?

Chiho: There's a great cafe not too far from here. It's cheap and pretty laid-back, too. You'll love it! And, since you're giving me an advice, it'll be my treat! Does it sound like a good plan?

Maou: I can't let you do that. I mean, thank you. But I can't accept. This lunches on me.

Chiho: Eh, Mr. Maou?

Maou: Hmm?

Chiho: You see...the thing is...

Maou: What's up? Are you all right?

Chiho: Yeah...just, wanted to hold your hand...

Maou: Oh, that's all? Yeah, no problem.

Chiho: Ah!

Maou: You okay?

Chiho: Huh? Y-yeah, I'm great! Never better, actually. Thank you for asking, though.

Maou: This way, making our way through the crowd, we won't get separated.

Chiho: You're right, that's true. That I say even sorry, I suppose. Nn-fu-fu...

---

Emi: Er...Um? ...What's sort of no good are you up to?

Ashiya: Gya**?! Emilia?! 'Tis you?!

Emi: Don't use my real name! You realize how creepy and suspicious you're acting right now, don't you? What are you doing? Tailing somebody?

Ashiya: Ngh...No. I mean, it's none of your business!

Emi: I'm a hero, so it is my business when I see you behaving like some creeps or weirdo, isn't it?

Ashiya: Yeah, I guess so...? Drop it just as once for me?

Emi: You've gotta be kidding me. I knew you were. You were a demon, and have you forgotten?

Ashiya: Ahh!

Emi: Ugh...!

Ashiya: Oh, curses...I've really done it this time, haven't I, Sire...?

Emi: You scumbag...Ass face! What are you planning to do that girl?! Tell me!

Ashiya: You felt it wrong! His majesty's intentions are nothing but pure I can assure you!

Emi: He's a devil! I seriously doubt he knows what pure is!

Ashiya: I beg you! Listen to what I have to say!

Emi: ...Well, that's unexpected.

Ashiya: So, you understand me now?

Emi: If you mean, do I understand? But his majesty's as much as you know what is ever, then yes. But, what I don't understand is why they need to go on a date?

Ashiya: I wondered the same thing initially...But it's clear to me after observing her, that this Sasaki girl is more than just a little fond of your old rival.

Emi: It seems so...

Ashiya: Um...I'm sorry that doesn't bother you at all?

Emi: You want it, too?

Ashiya: Wh...No, I---I just find extremely unbearable in highly insolent that mere human girl has become so enamored of my King!

Emi: Personally, I'm surprised to girl that cute waste her time with a no good, very bad miscreate like your King.

Ashiya: You dare insult his majesty so?!

Emi: Of course I do. Anyway, from the girl's point of view. At least pretty obvious she's into him. The trendy little dress she just bought, brand new hairdo fresh from the salon, and those boots are new, too...

Ashiya: Oh? How can you tell?

Emi: Well, it's not so apparent to a man, I guess...Her dress is screaming "I'm young and available!" and form fitting cut is emphasize her...DUMB THOSE ARE HUGE!

Ashiya: What a huge?

Emi: Nothing! Pervert! I said nothing! Besides, they're going to get in your way when you're fighting and battle! Small ones mean small armor, which saves money! And mean less constricted in your movement!

Ashiya: I think you've lost me.

Emi: Just forget it! Back to the matter at hand! Do you think he can get anything useful out of her?

Ashiya: Don't ask me. I'm only trailing the event that any undesirable to decide to show up.

Emi: You're here, so you failed by default.
Still...this whole earthquake thing's definitely a cause for concern. One thing I know for sure, I'm not going to sit here to find out a hard way...
Not really any point in spying on from out here. Follow me in.

Ashiya: Follow you in where?

Emi: To get a table! Now, you're in coming or not?

Ashiya: W-wait a second! How could I expect his majesty to excuse such extreme audacity?! No! Stop right there!

---

Maou: Maybe...you could just go over the details just one more time, please?

Chiho: Yeah, sure. I told you how my tinnitus got really bad, didn't I? It happened right around the time I started working at MgRonald's. At first, I thought I was just tired for doing a bunch of work I wasn't used to. But then, last night...

---

Male Voice: (Hello, can you hear me? Can you hear me?)

Chiho: Someone there? Hello?

Male Voice: (Can you here me?)

Chiho: Hello?

Male Voice: (No good, Huh? I guess they cannot hear me)

Chiho: Hey, I can hear you.

Male Voice: (Oh, well...Not too many people have the reception for it...)

Chiho: ...What the heck?

Male Voice: (I am sure disturbances are happening in your world right now. A big one might be coming any moment not, so watch out)

Chiho: Why? A big one...?

Male Voice: (I will come there soon, when the time is right)

---

Chiho: Not only could hear what he said, but I understood him. So, you can see why I'm confused...?

Maou: Yeah...and because of the quakes we had lately, you assume there are the disturbances you referring to.

Chiho: Yeah.

Maou: The idea link...A method of communication where being and different world, tune their minds to each other with sharing impressions and concepts... They're able to transfer these ideas across time and space by utilizing sonar probe technology. When the signal reaches to desired target and causes a magical explosion, creates various phenomena. In this case, these pulses could have easily caused those recent earthquakes. And if that's true, given the number of quakes we've had, the only possible explanation is that somebody's dead set on tracking down me and Emilia...A big one is coming soon indeed. Things are happening faster I expecte----Bwaha!

Chiho: What's the matter, Mr. Maou?! Are you all right?!

Maou: Oh, come on...! What is Emi doing, walk in here with Ashiya...?!

Chiho: What's wrong...?

Maou: Nothing! I...haven't done anything wrong.

Chiho: Huh?

Maou: So anyway...To wrap this up, the tinnitus and weird voices you've been hearing aren't really a cause for the concern, so don't worry about that. Heh...The real issue is whether or not the big one is actually coming. And, assuming that it is, I think simply being able to warn the people around you, will make big difference, don't you?

Chiho: I'm glad I told up that note actually ask you about this, I feel a million times better already!

Maou: Hear that Emi? I'm doing a good thing here! Anyone can see I'm just trying to help this girl out.

Chiho: ---Can't tell my parents about it, or school friends either. That's why, w-well, I guess I knew you'd be the only one who believe me. You're kind...and, so gentle...I love talking to you. See...thing is...you're, real nice and, er...I, er...Well, Mr. Maou, I li---

Emi: That's enough!

Chiho, Maou: Eh?!

Emi: I hope you know you're conversing with the worst being in the world.

Maou: Please, not now...

Emi: Trust me, little girl. This one is not what he seems. He's cruel, cunning, stupid...

Chiho: Hey now! Don't pop out of nowhere and start saying hateful things like that! [That's about ??? can be?! ?] Who are you to him anyway?!

Emi: I'm his arch-enemy. Look, take it through someone who knows, he sucks. Nothing good will come from knowing him.

Maou: Emi, cut it out.

Emi: Never tell me what to do.

Maou: You need to calm down too, Chi.

Chiho: No, Mr. Maou! I'm big[?] calm down! Huh? I remember you! You came into our restaurant a couple of days ago, right?

Emi: Yeah, so what?

Chiho: What's the deal?! Are you his ex, or something?!

Emi: Gwh...Gy...?! Where did you get that idea?!

Chiho: I was get on! You totally are! In that case, well, I do [a demos?] none of your business, got it?! How'd you know it's good for you? You stay out of my way!

Emi: You don't even know what you saying right now! It's not like that, so why don't you just relax!

Chiho: Oh yeah? If that's true, tell me why are you always weird? You're like a stalker?!

Emi: You need to stop yacking, little girl! And listen! There is nothing between us!

Chiho: If anybody here need to stop yacking, it's you, sister!

Emi: You better take that back, now!

Chiho: You think I'm afraid of you, please?!

Maou: Can you please take it down, [not your sleeve?]

Chiho: Ah!

Customer A: Earthquake!

Customer B: Get away!

Chiho: Mr. Maou!

---

Chiho: Wh-what happened...?

Emi: Oh, good. I'm glad you woke up.

Chiho: Where are we?

Emi: Well, we're trapped. This used to be the cafe.

Chiho: Where's Mr. Maou?

Emi: Not with us. I can tell you that much for sure...

Chiho: Yeah, but...you think he's okay?

Emi: Oh? You are worried he got crushed by the rubble, are you? Well, it's truly make a lot of people happy if he kicked off, me included. ...But I guarantee he is alive.
I'll be the one to defeat him...He's not allowed to die here. No way. No how.

Chiho: Yeah, right...I'm sure he'll be fine.

Emi: Oh, he will. Trust me on that. ...Emi Yusa. By the way, in case you still wondering, there really is nothing between Maou and me. I swear.

Chiho: Chiho Sasaki. And, I guess I'll pretend to believe you for now...

Emi: So, what made you fall for him anyway?

Chiho: Eh?! What are you talking about?! I haven't fallen for him!

Emi: Then, you picked a fight with me in a public restaurant because you don't like him?

Chiho: No! I do! I mean, I, not like, umm...I guess, I really am super obvious...

Emi: Don't worry. Your secret is safe with me.

Chiho: Eww...That might be more comforting if you told me how you really feel about Mr. Maou...?

Emi: How I feel?

Chiho: For someone who claims to be his enemy, you sure do seem chummy with him whenever you're together...

Emi: Like the god-father says, friends close, and enemies closer.

Chiho: Huh?

Emi: I've known him for a long time, Chiho. Almost my entire life. Just cause I'm friendly with him doesn't mean what I said to you is any less true. Loving Maou will get you hurt.

Chiho: I guess I don't quire understand what you mean...?

Emi: You'll get it. But...in reality, maybe it's better if you don't. For now, rest up. You can use a little sleep.

Chiho: Huh? ah...

Emi: I hear you breathing. She's asleep. You can come out.

Maou: ...Stay out of my business.

Emi: Maou? What happened to your body?

Maou: Don't know. It just changed on.

Emi: His magic...it's back...

Maou: Man...this is the worst. How am I supposed to explain this?

Emi: This is it. Now's my chance! If I focus all of the celestial force I have left, I can still make a sacred sword strong enough to defeat him...!

Maou: Take care of Chi.

Emi: Eh?

Maou: These people need me. Hopefully there aren't many casualties. But we don't have time to wait for the rescue squad. I figured something out.

Emi: ...Is he serious?

Chiho: ...Um.

Maou: Alright. It's time to go.

Emi: ...What? Why? Why do the Devil rescue humans?

--- ED ---
  