
  Lucifer: Ooh, it isn't the Great King Satan? All right...I suppose I should call you Sadao Maou from now on, yeah? Heh, and the Hero Emilia, too.

Emi: Lucifer...?!

Emeralda: (Emilia, we're on our way)

Albertio: (Looks like we have an emergency)

Emeralda: (Are you really Gate-sick? That was not just drama?)

Albertio: (I am sorry--)

Emeralda: (Make it quick, please)

--- OP ---

Emi: No, it can't be...I ran my sword right through your chest, I did it you killed my father and bit everything!

Lucifer: And yet, here I am...Now, how could that be possible?

Maou: Does it have something to do with your new friend, hiding over there? One of the six high priests of the church. Why don't you stop lurking in the background, and show your face already, Olba Mayer?

Emi: Er...Olba?

Maou: When Emi came through the gate, he was the one right behind her, weren't you? Soon as I heard that, I put two into together. You were in clue or shade in bunch, but I'll give you credit. You're the shadiest.

Olba: Congratulations for found me out. And, Emilia, you're certainly looking lovely.

Emilia: Olba...Why? How could you work with Lucifer?

Olba: Humph, you wanna know, huh? I'll tell ya, but it'll be the last thing you ever---

Maou: The hero was really thrown in her way to around, and you couldn't buy that.

Olba: Hmm?

Maou: So, figured after she oust the demon army, let's execute her. Spot on, huh? And, you got Lucifer here on your side, by promising him the golden ticket back to heaven---

Olba: Hey! How do you know that?!

Maou: Please, you're joking, right? Come on, men, that's the oldest trick in the book! And, who says "the last thing you ever hear?" I've seen B-movie's better scripting than that, baldy? Get a wig.

Emi: Pfft...

Olba: Baldy? And...what is a B-movie?

Maou: Heh heh...

Ashiya: Sorry, Sire. But I'd be derelict in my duty...if I let that slide. Am I to infer you've been wasting our money on movies again first...?

Maou: ...I'm a little busy right now. Besides, it's my allowance, isn't it?

Ashiya: So, all this time I've been working my fingers to the bone, and cleaning up your messes without so much as moaning off?! No more allowance for you, Sire!

Maou: You're going there?! You're really gonna go there?!

Olba: You knock it off already, you moron!

Maou: Ashiya?!

Lucifer: That was fun...But I'm afraid the show is over. I'm gonna have to close the curtain early.

Ashiya: Just promise me, Sire...when you see a movie...go on the first of the month, let's have halfly...

Maou: Sure gonna be okay! Also, don't tell me what to do!

Lucifer: Now, suppose it's Emilia's turn...or should the King be first? Decisions, decisions...I'll kill both at once?

Maou: Ugh...

Lucifer: Ah ha ha ha ha...! Yeah, I know you how supposed to play with you fool, but I just can't help it. This whole feeling of despair thing is just so much fun!

Olba: Lucifer!

Lucifer: Huh? Relax, baldy. It's not like they're gonna be able to stop us.

Emi: Good plan, coward, running with your tail between your legs...

Maou: Oh, please, like you're in position to be critical!

Emi: His magic's so strong...way stronger than anything you or I've been able to achieve...how?

Maou: It's because he's feeding off negative human emotions.

Emi: Huh?

Maou: Those two, a definitely the once behind all the trouble. The robbery and the shootings, too.

Emi: I don't get it, who, why were they...?

Maou: It's cause fear, despair and sadness, the more negative people's emotions, the more power they can absorb. They wanted to state of panic. Because that equals fear, and fear translate to every negative emotion you can think of. Which, then intensify their magic, it makes them more powerful.

Lucifer: I'm impressed you figured that out. Well done.

Maou: Huh, you made it easy. So thanks. I realized it while I trapped inside the cafe after the quake. I could feel the human's fear and despair flowing directory into me. That's what returned me to original form.

Lucifer: If that's the case, why have you been try to get more magic? All you had to do is keep steering up their negativity. Eventually, you would've been powerful enough to find a way back home.

Maou: That's true. But the thing is, I don't wanna go back. I like it here. Being human isn't a half bad. This world is a lot fun. And, I don't want to cause any trouble. If I were you, I'd leave this room alone.

Lucifer: Hmph. How sweet. You've gone soft on me, haven't you, Sire? But you and I both know there's no chance that's gonna happen...Because I'm hungry. Lots on the menu, ooh, look, scared little girl served medium rare...

Emi: Let her go!

Maou: No! Don't do it!

Lucifer: Not your cup of tea, boss? I think you're right. That would be a lot of trouble, so how about I just deed a run instead?

Chiho: Ah...

Maou: Go, now!

Emi: Ah!

Lucifer: Wow, figure to it wasn't the fun and from the bye-bye getting this girl's really jealous of you, Emilia?

Maou: Argh...son of a bitch! That hurt! Human's body suck! So much...aarg!

Emi: Stop whining, tough guy! Some demon king you are!

Maou: Gah!

Emi: Maou! ...Olba! Why are you using a gun?!

Olba: Sorry about that, but I need to save enough power to control the gate on my journey home.

Lucifer: It's too bad. Here's to be such a big shot, now look at it, King Satan's all washed up...

Olba: Enough for the chit-chat. Kill them both now. Two birds with one stone.

Maou: Emi...prepare yourself...

Emi: Huh?!

Olba: ! ...Hmm.

Lucifer: Huh, looking a little teleportation action...someone have more juice than they let on.

Emi: This is...Koshukaido road? And, right by Sasazuka station?! Why bring us somewhere so clouded? Oh, I see. You came here to catch an ambulance, didn't you, big wimp?

Maou: Could you cut me some slack, please...?

Lucifer: You can run, but you can't hide, Sire. The party is over.

Olba: Do it quickly! There are far too many witnesses already!

Lucifer: I think you need relax, Olba. We can kill them, too...But, first thing's first.

Emi: Maou...? Snap out of it, okay...? Get up...

Lucifer: A ha ha ha ha...! Hate to break it to ya, but he's not gonna bounce back, like he did it in Shinjuku. So, how's that he's out of the way, I suppose I don't need her any more. Knock yourself that.

Emi: Chiho! Gahaa!

Lucifer: Olba! The show is almost over! But first, it's time for the big finale! Help me kick up the tasty groove!

Emi: Stop it, Lucifer! Don't do this! Please!

Lucifer: [But you like to come.?]

Emi: Umm...

Lucifer: Whoa...I did that? Eh?!

Emi: ...Huh?

Lucifer: No way!

Maou: That's a B movie for ya...Predictable. Guess, I owe you one, Lucifer. Thanks to you, I managed to get my true form back.

Lucifer: It's a lie!

Emi: You're okay?!

Chiho: Unn...? Ah...? Is that...Mr. Maou...?!

Emi: Yeah, it sure is... I see...he brought us to the most populated area he could bake of...so he can absorb the fear and despair of the crowd...as that Lucifer and Olba were enough to deal with on their own...

Maou: Snap out of it!

Emi: Yeah?! Hey, what's happening?!

Maou: It's no time to be spacing out! Get with the poop rail!

Emi: Huh?!

Maou: Hurry up and take those guys out, right now! The stuff is freaking heavy! Come on! Can't hold it much longer...! Can't see I'm slipping, right?! Emi! ...Ugghh! Please, hurry!

Emi: Haa...You're such a loser. Seriously, like, I have never seen the Devil as lame as you.

Maou: Whatever! Just do something already! Help me!

Emi: Whaat?!

Maou: Um, sorry, what I meant to say was, pretty please?!

Emi: You're on your own! Did you forget I'm the hero? I would rather die right here and now than help you do anything!

Maou: What?! You can't be serious!

Emi: I always am. Ugh...! Just hold on a bit long, okay? And, don't worry, I'll clean up your mess, for you.

Chiho: But, what about me...? Eh?!

Emi: It's alright. You'll be safe in there. It's weird, for some reason, I decided to let you know the truth about us...Here we go!

Lucifer: Umm...

Emi: Manifest now! My true power! So I may vanquish all evil!

---

Emi: Manifest now! My true power! So I may vanquish all evil!

Lucifer: She can still do that?!

Emi: I am a hero [of war]! Though the world may change, I swear that fact never with!

Maou: Lame! Rewrite!

Emi: Oh, shut your trap! After I finished with those two, you're what's next on my list to kick. So you better watch yourself!

Maou: Just, be quick about it. Yeah, here, this should help. (Snap)

Emi: What did you do?

Maou: I put up a magical barrier. Now, you free to unleash on this fools. And, won't of the worry about civilians. Gyack!

Emi: Humph.

Lucifer: Well, that's lame. Don't you know taking out of innocent people is what makes this fun!

Maou: Aagh!

Emi: Oops, my bad.

Maou: So, not, awesome...!

Emi: You won't get away with this, Lucifer!

Lucifer: You gotta fess up. How exactly did you plan on taking me out, when you can't even recovered your celestial force? Ha ha ha...!

Ashiya: Now, what could be so funny?

Lucifer: Huh?

Ashiya: It is certainly not my wish to do battle along side a hero, but since I've sworn allegiance to King Satan, I have no choice.

Lucifer: Alciel...

Ashiya: So, right now, that makes you my sworn enemy, Lucifer!

Emi: Well, well, I thought you were dead.

Ashiya: On the contrary. My king saved me. He left me just enough magic to escape death's mighty clutches.

Emi: Yeah? If that's true, what the heck took you so long?

Ashiya: I have to go back to the apartment and pick up my general's cape! ...I knew that was coming. In the future, I prefer you let me handle things on my own.

Emi: I'll let you thank me later. Right now, you and I need to focus our energy, and taking these two out.

Lucifer: Dude! You're the worst! Seriously, you've gotta be like the worst partner in the history of time! You gotta do anything?!

Olba: I do not have the means to replenish my celestial force! If I use it all now, I can't go home!

Lucifer: What do you think happened we lose?!

Olba: Ugg...!

Maou: Is it just me, or does my role on all this drab little late to climactic? Uh...

Chiho: This is real...? It's, actually happening?

Maou: Guess, there's no way to...talk other way out of this one.

Lucifer: Aaah!

Emi: Holy blade slash!

Olba: Lucifer!

Ashiya: Unh!

Olba: Ah! E...Emilia! You're a fool! How could you join forces with the demons?!

Emi, Ashiya, Lucifer: (Refutation)

Olba: Ugg...

Maou: Umm...! Man! That was heavy! I mean, like, super heavy! But, still, way to go of me. Seriously, awesome job there. Good work!

Lucifer: Damn you!

Maou: What do you say to wrap this things up? If we don't get to move on, Chi and I gonna be late for work. Right, Chi? I promised to teach you how to fix the ice cream machine today.

Chiho: Um...

Maou: As for the rest of you. You've got some nerve relegating a Demon King like me with menial task like whole number stupid bridge. Time for a little pay back!

Olba: Ugg...No!

Lucifer: Eh...Suck on this! Ew...

Maou: So, Emi, What do you think I should do with this guy?

Emi: Let's see...I'd say we place to start with punishing for wrecking the neighborhood.

Maou: Good idea. Oh, and Lucifer, if I'm late for work today, it's your fault.

Lucifer: Wha---what are you talking about...?!

Maou: If I lose my perfect attendance bonus because of you, you're gonna regret it!

Ashiya: Don't think about that one too hard. I don't understand that either.

Maou: You're a Great Demon General, aren't you? Where did all this fear come from? Face your doom like a man!

---

Chiho: So, er...It seems a little late for me to ask this, but a...What exactly are you guys?! You know, just out of the curiosity! No offense anything...

Maou: I'm all shy, now you come out and ask me. But, truth is, back home, I'm a Demon King! Er...you don't believe me, do you?!

Chiho: Eh?! No! I do, for sure! I saw you do all those incredible things...It was beyond amazing.

Maou: Well, you're sweet, but it wasn't that big a deal.

Ashiya: Sire, modesty maybe a virtue, but at this moment, braggadocio is a wiser course.

Emi: I'm not like him. I'm just a person. Well, guess I do have half angel blood?

Maou: Huh?! Seriously?! You're half angel?!

Emi: Don't act so surprise! You're a Demon King!

Chiho: Heh heh heh...

Emi: Why are you laughing, Chiho?

Chiho: I'm sorry. I don't need for fun, it's just that...well, honestly, when I picture an angel or a demon in my head, they don't look so ordinary!

Emi: Nah, I see your point. Who'd think a Demon King would work at MgRonald's, right?

Maou: What?! You're one to talk? Little miss thanks-for-calling-how-can-I-help-you?

Emi: Hey?!

Maou: Here's what I want to know, angel face. If you have that much power left, why haven't you attacked me?

Emi: Because, I'm not careless. For all I know, you could've been pretending not to have any power this whole time.

Maou: Um...

Emi: And, besides, I had to conserve enough to make sure I could get back to the gate, didn't I? Don't you see? We can never be in a romantic relationship together because we hate each other's stinking guts! So, relax.

Chiho: W-what have you said?

Emi: Well, what are you gonna do now, huh? I mean, now that you've got your magic back, are you gonna go back to Ente Isla or what?

Chiho: Ah?!

Maou: No way, I'm already scheduled for tons of shifts this month.

Ashiya: You need to get your priorities in order, Sire! What matters more, Ente Isla or job at MgRonald's?

Lucifer: Er...excuse me? What should I do now...?

Emi: I've been meaning to ask you something, you were the one who called me work and threatened me, weren't you?

Lucifer: Yeah, sorry about that...

Emi: I knew it! How did you find me?!

Lucifer: Well, er...

Emi: Huh?! This is...my wallet...

Maou: Lucifer, did you really look inside a lady's wallet without asking permission...?

Ashiya: Now, that's low...

Emi: Oh! I'll destroy you!

Albertio: (This is weird. Why is it frozen?)

Emeralda: (A magic barrier, I think. Ah! Emilia!)

Emi: Emeralda? And, Albert?!

Maou: Wow, you missed all the fun.

Emeralda, Albertio: (---One moment)

Albertio: (I know you; you are Satan, are you not?)

Emeralda: (That must make you his right hand, Alciel, yes?)

Maou: Yes! You are correct!

Ashiya: Tremble with fear, peasants!

Emeralda: Eww...

--

Emeralda: (Anyway... Tis not just Olba who has turned. The entire Church was in on it)

Albertio: (Are you sure it is wise to leave Satan and the others alone?)

Emi: He said to head back to the devil's castle when they had everything under control. That's it, just up ahead there.

Albertio: Hmm?

Emeralda: Huh? (Tha--That is not what I expected)

Emi: Trust me, you're preaching to the choir.

---

Maou: Okay then...

Ashiya: Sire, are you completely sure you won't regret this?

Maou: Yeah, can't exactly leave things the way they were, can we?

Lucifer: You're kidding me...

Ashiya: His highness is spoken. That means the discussion is over.

Lucifer: Dude, what the hell is that all about? You just do whatever he says?

Ashiya: Yeah, pretty much.

Maou: The boss is responsible for the mistake of his subordinates. That principle is as true at MgRonald's as it is back Ente Isla. The supreme ruler's gotta take on the responsibility.

Emeralda: (I have never seen anything like his magic)

---

Albertio: (I must admit... I feel bad about the trouble we caused. It must have been inconvenient. We had to do what we could to find Emilia. It was not easy. We shot off sonar pulses. Shot them off like crazy. You must have had lots of quakes)

Chiho: Ah! Wait, your voice...it's the one I was hearing in my head all those times.

Albertio: (You heard that too, Missy?)

Emi: What did you hear?

Albertio: (Interesting. We set the signal to broadcast to those thinking about King Satan)

Emeralda: (Wow! I never knew Satan was so smooth. Love is in the air)

Maou: Hey guys, we're home...

Chiho: Aaaaah!

Maou, Ashiya: Waaaaah!

---

Emeralda: All ready, we're all set!

Albertio: Good. Can't be too long or the Church will be able to get away with who knows what. Guess, she knows this already, but will be a big help if you'd come home soon too.

Emi: Yeah.

Albertio: You did well, though. No fatalities, and the city is basically back in one piece. Fairly no one remembers much, so that's good.

Emeralda: I tell you, he's really something, isn't he?

Albertio: Are we positive this kid's the real Demon King?

---

Maou, Chiho: Thank you! Come again!

Chiho: Mr. Maou...?

Maou: Huh?

Chiho: I was wondering...er...Are you going to back home?

Maou: Not planning on it.

Chiho: ...!

Maou: More like, I can't, I guess. I used the most of the power I have rebuilding that neighborhood, so I'm stuck.

Chiho: (Sigh in relief)

Maou: But, I do have a little gas left in the tank. You know, Chi, it's enough to erase your memories too. I mean, if that's what you w---er?!

Chiho: You're big jerk!

Maou: My bad!

--- ED ---
  