
  Maou: Why would someone come by so early?

Ashiya: Not sure. It does seem a rather unusual time for a sales person.

Suzuno: Salutations.

Maou: "Salutations?"

Ashiya: Perhaps, a girl from yesterday?

Maou: You mean that girl who fell down the stairs?

Ashiya: Yes, Sire.

Suzuno: Salutations.

Maou: Yeah, coming.

Suzuno: Good morning. Forgive the early hour. My name is Suzuno Kamazuki. And, as of yesterday, I am your new neighbor. I'm afraid I've already been rude and cause trouble, so I must humbly apologize for my wretchedness.

Maou: Your...wretchedness? Um, thanks, that's very courteous. I'm pleased to formally meet you, my name is Sadao Maou.

Suzuno: This is but a small gift of my thanks and good wishes, as your new neighbor. I have been told that noodles are the best gift for someone to give the new neighbor.

Maou: New neighbor, got it. That's very nice of you.

Ashiya: Sire, do you need assistance? That looks heavy.

Maou: But, because it is...!

Ashiya: Oh. Good morning, Miss. My name is Ashiya. I'm old friend of Maou's. It is a pleasure to meet you.

Suzuno: Likewise, I actually know who you two are. I have never met the landlady of this finest establishment before, but I've received the letter from the person whom I believe to be her, and it instructed me to come to you if I have any issue.

Ashiya: Oh, does it now?

Suzuno: Yes, there was a photo enclosed in this, you are like to see it?

Ashiya: No, no! That's fine! I'm sure it's her!

Suzuno: At any rate, I'm relieved to have such helpful new neighbors. I wonder if you would be kind enough to instruct me in the lower class living?

Maou: Heh...lower class living...?

Suzuno: Um...Is there another person here?

Maou: Yeah, we gained here to the third roommate recently.

Urushihara: I'm Urushihara. Nice to meet you.

Maou: And, I'm a lazy bum.

Urushihara: Well, that's not my choice, is it?!

Maou: And, whys is that exactly?

Urushihara: Because! You...! Shut up!

Suzuno: I see. I understand.

Urushihara: You understand what?!

Suzuno: I shall excuse myself for now. Salutations again.

Maou, Ashiya: Yeah, salutations.

--- OP ---

Emeralda: Hello! You are speaking to Emeralda Etuva!

Emi: Yeah, I actually know who I'm speaking to because I called you. This is Emilia. I just got a package and the label says it's came from you. Did you send something?

Emeralda: I can't believe it already arrived! How amazing! I only put it out for delivery yesterday. What a surprisingly fast! I sent you a gift. Celestial force.

Emi: What? Celestial force?

Emeralda: That's right. I tried to process it into a form. That wouldn't see out of your ordinary there. Oh, I do hope you'll like it.

Emi: Interesting...So, it's called "Holy Betan Bee?"

Emeralda: That's not "Bee," silly. It's "Beta."

Emi: Right, beta, whatever. Anyway, you're saying downing this energy drink over replenish my force?

Emeralda: Yup. That make me the absolutely clear here. Be very careful with the dosage.

Emi: Wait, how careful? Are you saying I can't drink too much of it?

Emeralda: Uh huh. Under no circumstances, you don't drink more than two bottles in one day. You can have one bottle in morning, and another in the afternoon. That's said, if you skip your first dose, you can't simply double up on the later to make up for it, okay?

Emi: Yeah, seems easy enough. I think I got it.

Emeralda: Wonderful. And, please follow the instructions to the later. I know how you can get. [Have to you ???]

Emi: Weird...Where is that girl anyway? Hm...Nothing ventured, nothing gain.

---

Emi: Why does it always thing to be so hot outside...? And, it's not like those guys are out too much? I feel like I'm sweating out here for nothing...It's all about perspective. The fact is they're just walking, and eating like normal people is a good thing, right? They're behaving...I guess, in other way of looking of this, could make me seem like a weirdo stalking to nice group of boys who all lived together? Whatever...

Suzuno: Honestly, can you not adequately hang one piece of laundry? You truly know nothing of chores, do you, good
Hanzō?

Urushihara: Dude, lay off me.

Suzuno: You cannot allowed clothes to dry wrinkled. If you do---

Emi: Who...is that?

Urushihara: Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Jeez, you're like the ghost of Ashiya haunting me before he's even dead...

Emi: Ok, what's going on? Think Emi...Could she possibly a new demon? Ah, this might be a little risky...but what choice do I have?

Suzuno: You need to act together in times of crisis like this...

Emi: ...

Suzuno: Pay attention. Cut the welsh onions, grate the ginger, and dilute the broth with cold water. Now all you have to do is boil some udon noodles, and you got a delicious meal in a flash. Once noodles are done, give them a quick rinse and you'll have a very respectable cold udon. If you had a raw egg, it would be even better.

Urushihara: Ugh...how can you stand to boil anything when it's this hot out?

Suzuno: Good Shirou does this for three meals every day. Do you feel no filial piety?

Ashiya: Thank you Miss Kamazuki, and please keep trying with the boy...That creature refuses to listen to his own family.

Suzuno: Go on. Grate some ginger. Surely you can handle a simple grater?

Urushihara: Don't call me surely...Um, Uh oh, Ashiya, looks like we're out of ginger.

Ashiya: Oh, right, I finished the last of it yesterday. I beg your pardon Miss Kamazuki, but let's just add welsh onion this time...

Emi: What are they even doing...?

Suzuno: I shall fetch ginger from room, and return for quick.

Emi: Ah! Crap!

Suzuno: Eh?

Emi: Eh, wha! Aaaah!

Maou: Ugh! I don't think you actually know how to use stairs...!

Emi: Wha...Maou?!

Maou: Seriously, did it a like, practice or something? Uh? Gwah?!

Emi: Gwha!

Urushihara: What's going on? You fell?

Emi: Aaaagh...! Aaaah!

---

Suzuno: I apologize. This is because open the door so suddenly.

Emi: No, so not your fault. I'm the one who sorry it should've been paying attention what I was doing.

Maou: Yup, totally. You shouldn't claim to be a hero.

Urushihara: So, yeah, welcome, Emi. I picked up all the crap you dropped outside.

Emi: Oh, good. I suppose you can just put it over there, then.

Urushihara: I suppose, you can just cut the stupid pretentious tone. What is this? Never [pegged you?] an energy drink fail?

Emi: Give that back!

Urushihara: Stuff will give you heat stroke like a lady Ashiya of the floor board.

Emi: For real? You're suffering from heat stroke?

Ashiya: No! I just get sick every once in a while! Like, most human beings do!

Suzuno: I'm afraid my gift wasn't to cooperate for your current state. I should have chosen something more thoughtful and nutritious.

Ashiya: Oh, no. You hardly responsible, Miss Kamazuki.

Suzuno: Oh, sorry, I haven't introduced myself. I moved in next door to these kind gentlemen last week. Nice to meet you. I'm Suzuno Kamazuki. As I hail for an ancient and old fashioned family in another land, I am still fairly unaccostomed to this particular area. I will be most happy if you could instruct me in city life.

Emi: Sounds lot like me...

Suzuno: Pardon?

Emi: Nothing. My name is Emi Yusa. It's a pleasure.

Maou: Yum. Thanks for the grab. Huh...this too much to do and memorize...I'm exhausted.

Emi: Because your part-time job is just so hard.

Maou: Heh, I'll have you know, while you used to be days dilly dallying through little life and your little telephone, I've been great matured as a human.

Emi: In what way? Also, you don't really count as human.

Maou: Did you forget, Emi? I mean, a two days from now, this Sunday, I will be the new shift manager at the MgRonald's over the train station! I will be the assistant boss!

Emi: Would be?

Maou: Hey! Don't act like it's not a big deal! Shift manager is get paid more and have a major position of responsibility! So, dare!

Emi: Yes, I'm sure it's big deal to you. But, the point you seem to be missing as that I could care less.

Maou: Fine. Be that way. But, don't act surprised I've actually climb pass that you can't even imagine!

Emi: Are you an idiot?

Ashiya: No, ma'am! I can not allow you to speak to the head of our household in such a disrespectful manner.

Emi: But---

Suzuno: Good Emi, do you perchance have an intimate relationship with good Sadao?

Emi: Huh?! Not funny! Suzuno!

Suzuno: Well...I have noticed your conversation seem to flow back and forth quite easily. It is rather as there is no restraint between you two.

Urushihara: Yeah, like an old married couple or something.

Emi: Shut up! Nobody asked you! No, there's no restrain between us, but more importantly, there's no trust and friendship or anything positive! In fact, I'm pretty seriously want him to drop-dead, so don't get it twisted, we will never be intimate!

Suzuno: Oh, I see...

Emi: I'm getting a serious dejavu right now...eh? Look, I'm sure I'm reading this wrong, but are you maybe crushing on Maou?

Suzuno: ! Gah! Emi, that was so loud! What if he heard what you said!

Emi: Oh, no. I'm sorry. I-I didn't actually think you are, so, er...

Suzuno: So, be that as it may, I'm very impressed. How did you figured it out?

Emi: I don't know. I can't really explain it...Probably shouldn't mention I've been through this before with another girl...You know, I guess, it's just a lady's intuition.

Suzuno: Of course, how remarkable.

Emi: At first, I thought she was assassin from Ente Isla. Or, possibly another demon...But, assassins don't normally stay still for a whole week, and as far as demon's go, she's way too polite...maybe I should give her a warning...Hey, um, Suzuno? I'm sure you will think this is non of my business, but I need to tell you something.

Suzuno: You do?

Emi: Yeah, you shouldn't get too close to those guys. It'll only end badly for you.

Suzuno: What do you mean "badly?"

Emi: Maou's...not the kind of boy a normal girl can handle...I just think it's best to steer clear with them.

Suzuno: Um...! No! I'll be fine! I know I may not look it at the moment, but I'm a seasoned warrior! ...Still though, since this warning is coming from you, I'll be careful. I doubt you've mentioned this to me, if you didn't have a reason to believe it. Nevertheless, it's too late for me to leave. I'm sorry, if this is impertinent, but would you lend me your aid should I need it?

Emi: Sure, I'll do whatever I can to help.

Suzuno: You will? Wonderful, I cant rest easier now.

Emi: I have an idea. Wait for a sec.

Urushihara: Er?

Emi: You guys didn't go and do anything stupid while I was out there, did you?

Urushihara: What, and care the rough to daring hero?

Emi: Here you go. I've written down my cell number, my email, and my address. If these bud heads are rude and make you feel uncomfortable at all, just let me know, okay?

Suzuno: Thank you. I am in your debt.

Maou: Come on! Quit freak it out! What do you think we are?!

Emi: Look, bloodthirsty demons more despicable than cockroaches, I'm sure I don't have to say this, but if you pull anything with that girl, I'll cut off your head, and displayed on your filthy windowsill.

Maou: Jeez, what are you now...the evil police?

Emi: Alrighty then, I think that should take care for that. Don't worry, though. They're actually a lot that behave than generally give them credit for. See you later!

Suzuno: Hmm...

Emi: Uh! Eh! Aaahgh!

Suzuno: Ah!

Emi: I-I'm fine! I am okay this time! I'm good...Happen to see here, eh hee hee...

Maou: She make it okay?

Suzuno: No, but she only fell half way this time.

Urushihara: ...Baby steps in me, baby steps...

Emi: Eww...

---

Maou: Alright. I'm out.

Suzuno: Ah.

Ashiya: May the tides of war be with you, Sire.

Maou: Don't worry about seeing me off, just stay in bed. Urg...Dealing with Emi saps my energy every time.

Suzuno: Good Sadao.

Maou: Um? Oh, Miss Kamazuki. Sorry about Emi earlier. She can be kind a handful, I hope she didn't anything rude to you.

Suzuno: No, she didn't anything rude at all.

Maou: Oh, good. That's relief. Well, I got ahead work, so I'll see you later.

Suzuno: Um...here. It's for you.

Maou: What is it?

---

Emeralda: So how's it going over there, Emilia? Is the Holy Betan β working out so far?

Emi: Well, I've been drinking it regularly, but I haven't really had the chance to see it's doing much quite yet. We haven't been any fight, so I haven't used celestial force.

Emeralda: Oh, really? Does that mean you're getting along better with the devil and his demon friends these days?

Emi: I wouldn't say that. We pick a pretty much whenever we see each other. And we're both so busy working, neither of us has the energy actually go out and get a life.

Emeralda: You know, it's funny. That sounds like a quintessential complaint of couple who don't get spend enough time together...

Emi: Whoa, wha...What?! Where did that come from?! I'm Ente Isla's hero, and he is the freaking devil! [Not?] my enemy no matter what situation we're in! Couple?! Seriously? That makes me furious just thinking about it! I've been literally soaking! And, make sure his behaving! How could you say something like that?!

Emeralda: You're right. I'm sorry. But, please, don't do anything to make things more difficult than they need to be, okay? Is everything else that's going on, we can't afford to start fighting demons, too.

Emi: Why would I do that? I am the hero. If it makes you feel better, I swear my parents' name I won't screw anything up. Now, how are things progressing on your side?

Emeralda: I suppose they're better than we thought they be at the moment. None of the countries have made any obvious moves, per se.

Emi: No obvious moves is a good thing?

Emeralda: Well, it's the best we can hope for. I'm getting information from a lot of sources right now, but, so far, it's all just whispers and rumors. Also...

Emi: Also what?

Emeralda: I heard the church's missionary division is trying to uncover the truth behind Olba's disappearance. It's possible some people are setting their sights on finding you. They're hoping it might helpful they figure out what happened. Bottom line is, under no circumstances you don't let your guard down. From what I've been told, some of these interested parties may not be above taking out Japan if they get them faster answers.

Emi: I guess catching a break is too much for a hero to ask for. Lucky me.

Emeralda: Seems that way. Well then, this bill will be out of control we stand the phone much longer. So, I'm going to hung up now. Be safe. Talk to you later.

Emi: Sure. You be safe, too.

---

Kisaki: As you know, Sentucky Fried Chicken across the road, which is expected to pose a huge threat to us, will finally be open tomorrow. Unfortunately, I'll be out of towns. So, I'm counting on you to run the ship. This is a big deal for you, Maou. Think you'll be able to handle it?

Maou: Yes!

Kisaki: Of course, in case there's emergency, I'll let you know you can reach me at any time, but unless it's someone die serious, I want you to trying handle things on your own. This is a chance for major personal development.

Maou: I understand, ma'am.

Kisaki: Tonight, you will out of stuff, so stay out of the weeds. In case you couldn't tell, your new job as a shift manager is starting right now.

Maou: Huh?

Kisaki: You might as well take a break now, since you won't be getting on later. If you can get back here by six, you can run and grab some dinner. Or if you'd rather, you can eat here. No charge.

Maou: I brought food today. But thanks, anyway.

Chiho: Hi, Mr. Maou. Are you taking a break?

Maou: Yup. Gotta refuel and all.

Chiho: Um...excuse me. What's that?

Maou: What? My bento box?

Chiho: Your bento box? Because, it looks pretty done fancy to me. Did Mr. Ashiya splurge on that for you?

Maou: No. It's not really my bento box. The new neighbor moved in next door, let me borrow it.

Chiho: New neighbor, huh. That mean right next door to you?

Maou: Oh, yeah, she's cool. I think you'll like---

Chiho: YOUR NEIGHBOR IS A SHE?!

Maou: Why are you yelling! There's no reason for yelling...?!

Chiho: Come on! When she's moving next door to you?! She's already load you a crystal fancy bento box! What is going on?! What is it?!

Maou: Please stop shaking me! It feels not good...!

Chiho: What're you telling me you are the new [???] next door lends you her fresh bento box and [take of it]?!

Maou: Just, Chi, that is go [break]!

Chiho: [Damn], Mr. Maou, I'm sure it using a [poopy, undoubted ???]. But I have to ask! Is the meal homemade?!

Maou: Ah, yeah? I'm very certain she put it together itself.

Chiho: Ugg...I'm sorry! I need to see the food now, please?!

Maou: Go that whatever you want! Just stop shaking me please! I'm begging you!

Chiho: ...A new years meal...?

Maou: What's that mean?

Chiho: Um...

Maou: You wanna see what's on the bottom?

Chiho: No, wait! Just hold on a second! [My mentally isn't] prepared for that yet!

Maou: Um...okay.

Chiho: I gotta bad feeling about this...Something's wrong...I know the [enter the one] got me this far, but this is my chance to turn back, I should probably take it...But, or the other hand, after coming this far...how can I just quit...?
Now, Mr. Maou! Show me the bottom!

Maou: R-right. Yes, ma'am!

Chiho: Aaaaaah!

---

Shop Clerk: Good evening, sir. Welcome.

Emi: Great. Here's another uneventful day, stalking demons...I swear...buy the same meal every night...

Shop Clerk: Thank you very much. I will see you again tomorrow.

Emi: Ah!

Robber: Gah!

Shop Clerk: Hey! What's just happened?! ...Oh, jeez, sir, are you okay?

Emi: Stay back!

Shop Clerk: Ugh!

Emi: Rah! Don't leave the store! And, call the police immediately! I'm not scared to you! [I'm] whether you are demon or human being! You should be a shame for attacking me out open another people are around. It's one thing coming after me, but if you so much as think hurting anyone in this world, I will show you no mercy! Haah! Ah! ...What did you do?!

Robber: ...Heh.

Emi: Tsk...

Shop Clerk: Hey!

Robber: Yikes!

Shop Clerk: Take this! ...Miss! Please tell me you're okay?

Emi: Are you alright? I'm sorry for pushing you by the way...

Shop Clerk: Oh, I'm fine. I just hit my forehead, it's no biggy.

Emi: Did you call the police like I asked?

Shop Clerk: I'm pretty sure tripping the alarm call the security company, so they should've contact the cops for me. By the way, I have to tell you...

Emi: Yeah, what?

Shop Clerk: I know this sucks, but the emergency manual states that we're to have the customers remain in the store until the police arrive. So, would you mind waiting until they show up? I'm sorry, I hate to even ask...

Emi: Fine...

---

Emi: It is working...The Better Half that I activated this time...It contained the heck of lot more power than back I fought Lucifer two months ago...With this power, I might even be able to use the Evil-Crushing Robe...But that just makes it harder to figure out what that purple light might have been...I've never encountered an enemy who nullified the sacred sword and celestial force...

Shop Clerk: Excuse me, miss? I picked these up. They're yours, right?

Emi: Oh, yeah. Thank you for grabbing them...Crap! My er...! Wow, that scared me. I still seem to be a little jumpy, huh?

Shop Clerk: Me too.

Chiho: Miss Yusa...

Emi: Yeah? Chiho?

Chiho: Yes, it's me! And there's trouble!

Emi: Chiho, what is it? What happened?

Chiho: It's Mr. Maou...Mr. Maou...

Emi: What about Maou? What did he do?!

Chiho: Maou...um...today he brought...he brought...

Emi: He...brought what?

Chiho: He...he brought the heart with the bento on the rice! And the home made new year's, and two layer and there's she!

Emi: ...What?

--- ED ---
  