
  In the great sea of Ignora lay five islands in the shape of a cross.
Four pointed in each cardinal direction around a larger central island, to form Ente Isla.
The islands protected by the gods.

All who lived in Ente Isla knew of Satan, ruler of demons.
His very name was synonymous with the terror and cruelty that rule his demon realm.
As well as the creatures of the night that thrived in its depravity.

Satan was an ambitious ruler.
He sought to crush the humans and their world. Thereby, created a land of peace and prosperity for all night's creatures.
Four trusted general serve the devil. Adramelech, Lucifer, Alciel, and Malacoda.
These four great demons launched merciless attacks on the four continents.

However, a lone hero rose up against them. Sacred sword in hand.
Along with a band of comrades, the hero crushed Lucifer's army to the west.
They went on to defeat Adramelech in the north, and Malacoda in the south.
Then the federation of knights led by this hero invaded the central continent, where the demon load kept his castle.

Alciel: Ugh...

Albertio: Raah!

Alciel: (Damn it...you wretched humans!)

Emeralda: (Drag demons into the netherworld!)

Alciel: Ah! (How dare you?!)

Olba: Ooohh... haa... Hah!

Alciel: (Are you well, sire? Out of my way!)

Albertio, Emeralda: Ah!

Alciel: (Apologies, Sire. I have failed. These human forces over came my army. Tis only a matter of time before your castle shall fall)

Satan: (I never dreamed one human "hero" would have the ability to force us into such dire straits)

Alciel: (Sire, I suggest we withdraw for now and regroup. All is not lost yet)

Satan: (Hear me, humans! I leave Ente Isla in your hands today! But know this! 'Pon my return, you and all of Ente Isla shall be crushed!)

---

Satan: (Where are we?)

Alciel: (Are you all right? Are you well, Sire?)

Satan: (I shall be, Alciel. First, we must find a place to heal)

Alciel: (Yes, Sire, but this place seems awfully noisy. Do you know where we are; what is this world? Could it be---Look at you, Sire! Why have you taken that form? It is small!)

Satan: (What? No, it can't be... These are human hands...?)

[A car ran fast nearby Satan and Alciel]

Satan: (Calm yourself, Alciel. Be careful not to use magic)

Policeman A: Hey kids, excuse me a sec. Mind if we talk to you?

Alciel: (Do not speak to me so familiarly, human! Do you wish to die right here?)

Policeman B: Oh, looks like we got a couple of foreigners.

Policeman A: Well, let's make this a good story. Do you understand the words I'm saying right now?

Alciel: (Yet still?! Even not speaking our language... I am a demon, a user of magic who could easily kill---)

Satan: (Alciel. Do not use magic right now. We must learn this world. We shall cooperate)

Policeman A: Do you think it may be hot, huh? Dressed up like that.

Policeman B: I believe they are cos-playing, sir. It's weird though, we don't give much their kind in this neighborhood.

Policeman A: This is Sasaki out on patrol. I'm gonna couple of youths with minor injuries here.

Alciel: (This seems to be some sort of carriage. But, strangely, it does not need horses)

Satan: (It does not seem to be powered by magic either. I wonder how it works)

Policeman A: Now, boys, would you mind join us in the car? You're not in trouble, so---

Alciel: (How dare you! Do not presume to touch me, lowly human! Know your place, inferior creature! Die, fool!) Wraaah!

Policeman A: OK, you two, behave yourselves.

---

Policeman A: Er...this is katsudon. Okay?

Satan: Katu-don...

Policeman A: Yes, that's right. Yes.

Satan: They coated animal flesh in some sort of grain, and fried it in hot oil, then a main gold bird embryo with placed on top. And the whole things heated even further in the fish broth...

Policeman A: Look, I'm not supposed to provide food, but I can't let to injured kids go hungry. Well, this call it my treat, heh heh heh heh...

Satan: (More information about this world. Now tell me everything)

Policeman A: Huh? ...of course...

Satan: (Answer my questions)

---

Satan: (You here, Alciel?)

[Alciel was eating katsudon when Satan entered into his interrogation room]

Satan: (Alciel...)

Alciel: (Satan, 'tis you!)

Policeman B: Hey not! Son, you kids just waltz on in here?!

Satan: (Silence)

Policeman B: Uh...right...

Alciel: (You are here, King Satan...I am glad you are all right and found me, Sire)

Satan: (I used hypnotism to gain info about this place from a human. Apparently, this world is called Earth)
We find ourselves in one of Earth's nations. An archipelago, which they called Japan. We stand now it's capital of Tokyo. And, this building is someplace they call it police-station. These police are evidently a state institution maintaining public order.

Alciel: I see, Sire. And, what is that substance on the table they fed me?

Satan: Katsu-doon. It is extremely common food in this country.

Alciel: Katsu-doon...yes, that name has a powerful ring to it. This is of great interest.

Satan: Incorrect. Now focus, food is neither interesting nor important right now. In this world, we are only fantasy. These humans don't consider things like demons or even the devil to be authentic. No one believe magic legitimately exists...

Alciel: They do not believe in magic?! How did they survive?

---

Alciel: I see. So, because of the insufficient of magic in this pathetic realm, we are unable to retain our demonic forms...

Satan: Yes. But I never imagine stripping of magic case this...Out physical change makes me wonder a humans might actually be the foundation for all living creatures.

Alciel: Surely, you jest, Sire. I'm in certain this merely an effect of this world and the Gate.

Satan: I still retain a fraction of my magic, but, just quite an effort to stem its outward flow. How was it with you, Alciel?

Alciel: Hum...mmm...Ahh! ...Looks it work, Sire.

Satan: No. I highly doubt this carriage was conjured with magic.

Alciel: Alas...

---

Satan: If I adjust the amount of magic I released, I won't run out for a fair amount of time. The undeniable problem is currently have no way to amass more. However, if Earth is familiar with the concept of magic, even as imaginary, we may have a chance. The pass left to us now is to discover that method, and regain our natural strength. Until then, we have no choice but to live in this world, and obey these human's rules.

Alciel: What a cruel reality this is...

Satan: Indeed. But, we might as well do what we can.

---

Satan: We must obtain official records, that what is called a war-d office. Ugg...

Alciel: (You are changing colors)

Public Office Clerk: Huh? ...Okay...here...

Satan: Good. Next, we create accounts at that bank. To do so, use this.

Alciel: What is that paper?

Satan: 'Tis this country's currency. I borrowed it from that police officer human. Right before, I created our own personal seal. I have to say I'm rather proud of my self...

Alciel: As am I...

Bank Clerk: Here you are.

Satan: Good. Last way, we must secure base of operations from a real-tor.
...(We are) two...Searching...(We) need hou-se.

Realtor A: Sure, what sort of home? Did you have in mind, sir?

Alciel: (He understood you!)

Satan: (Calm down! Seriously, Alciel! A little language acquisition is nothing for me; nothing I say!)

Alciel: Nn-nn.

Satan: (Yes,) okay, bro! (I) am final getting the grooving!

---

Realtor B: The landlady dislocation is a very admirable person. If I may speak frankly, she said she wants to set an example by taking on persons of unknown background, like the two of you fine gentlemen.

Alciel: (This is complete...)

Satan: (...shit. Even I can tell that)

Alciel: (Well, at least it is a two story house, with six rooms; that is good, Sire, right?)

Realtor B: You'll be renting room 201 here.

Alciel: (Is he for real? Just one room?)

Satan: (We should be grateful it has a roof. Certainly when you compare it to the Devil's Castle---)

Miki: Good afternoon.

Alciel: (It is...human?)

Miki: You two adorable creatures are the new rental applicants, correct?

Alciel: (It can speak!)

Realtor B: This woman owns these apartments, and lives next door.

Miki: The name is Miki Shiba. And, kanji that's with characters meaning beauty and radiance. Ah, but please, boys, call me Mikity instead. That's so much more fun...No?

Satan, Alciel: (Totally...)

---

Alciel: Sire, are you sure we should waste our time here?

Satan: Remember, and this world they like to say "patience is a virtue." In the end this castle might be a welcome change of pace.

Alciel: Oh, Sire...

Satan: We have no other choice, but we will move forward from here...way...

Alciel: Ah! King Satan?! Sire! King Satan!

---

Satan: Urk...I didn't realize this body was one that required food.

Alciel: Well, we do have a human body now, Sire.

Satan: That gruesome "IV drip" thing will cost as much as a full month rent on the castle! You know what that's called?! "Rubbing salt in a wound!" This what the nerve certainty...

Alciel: That uncanny landlady spared us a good deal of trouble, Sire. She tell me that Japan requires resident to carry something called health insurance.

Satan: Never mind her. Money is a clearly essence in this human's society, so we need to posses it somehow. I cannot afford to expend more of my magic. So, that means we really only have one option left to us.

Alciel: And, what is that, Sire?

Satan: (Gulp)

---

Alciel: Curses! Did it wrong again...

Satan: You idiot! Resume forms do not grow on trees, you know! Okay, my new name is Sadao Maou.

Alciel: And mine, Shiro Ashiya. Do you find this name strange, Sire?

Satan: It's a little late to ask that now! We've already made both our IDs!

---

Ashiya: King Satan.

Maou: Yeah?

Ashiya: Might I suggest you to put a little more thought into your spending.

Maou: Give me a break! I put thought the spending! Summer's around the corner, so we need a fridge. And, owning a washing machine is cheaper than a laundromat in the long run. And, I have to have the bike to get to work.

Ashiya: It's not what you purchase I concerned me, Sire. I just think pay in installments would be better choice than buying them all at once.

Maou: Well, I hate loans.

Ashiya: Don't 'so' me, Sire.

Maou: Now go all you want! But Installment plans come with interesting fees. And, I'm gonna pay for something I can touch with my own two hands.

Ashiya: Impeccably word it, Sire, but do tell me...How are we supposed to make it to payday on milk, jelly and all way we have cucumbers too?!

Maou: I see your point. But calm down, it's not like we don't have any money left, I swill have some cash. I'll be fine until payday. Don't forget they give me lots of food at work too.

Ashiya: We're gonna die...You propose we eat burgers and flies three times a day until you get pay? What is this, Super Size Me? [If ain't take?] high-calorie, high-cholesterol item such a young age? I'm looking forward to next ten years from now that I hope you don't die prematurely of a lifestyle-related illness before we get home! I must...

Maou: Stop freaking out! I gotta go to work!

Ashiya: Wait, Sire!

Maou: Lecture me later!

Ashiya: That's not it! You forget your umbrella!

Maou: Let's roll, Dullahan! Yah!

Ashiya: ...And he's off. Guess, I'll get ready too.

---

Maou: Hm? ...Here, you can take this.

Emi: Eh...

Maou: Please, all yours.

Emi: I, er...okay?

Maou: I'm not going that far. Just to the train station. I work at the MgRonald's over there.

Emi: Um...thanks.

Maou: You could through it out for all I care! Woohoo! That is brisk!

---

Maou: This week is key. Soon, we will know who had the highest featured item sales in our district. I swear...I will be the one who breaks the sales record of black pepper flies!
Hyah!

Maou: Hello and welcome. Would you like to try at meal all today, sir?

Customer A: Nah, just a cheese burger and small spark.

Maou: Of course, sir! Might I also interest you in some black pepper flies with that? It's out featured item!

Customer A: Nah. Thanks, though.

Maou: Yes...these little continuous effort's necessary for my eventual come back as load of demons...!
Let me get you change?

Chiho: That's one chicken sandwich, one ice coffee, and one happiness meal. Will that be cash or card?

Maou: Hi, mom! We hope you having a great day. I'll be happy to let you use our microwave if you want.

Customer B:
Eh...?

Maou: If you have brought any milk or baby food with you? I don't mind heating it up at all.

Customer B:
Urm...you sure that's okay?

Maou: Of course! My pleasure.

---

Chiho: Mr. Maou! You are like super way cool! I can't believe you thought her baby's food. That was so sweet!

Maou: Oh, not big deal. Accommodating all of our customer's need, then we'll have the time gives us a long-term advantage. I was just doing my favor.

Chiho: You are beyond incredible! You like for real grown-up!

Maou: Thanks. But, hardly...I'm just a part-timer.

---

Maou: Truth is...who can believe you fired again, Ashiya? You suck.

Ashiya: I wish you keep calling me Alciel, Sire.

Maou: I wish you get over it! But, that's not an important. We need to focus on finding a way home! Not doing awful day-labor, [got this?]?

Ashiya: Right in your point, Sire.

Maou: You and I charge a finding a way to get our magic back. I'll work and get money. You do research. Magic is at least a concept here, so if you trace that all legic fantasy, back to at source, well, maybe, we'll able to find something it's helpful.

Ashiya: Do you believe there's a chance we can recover our powers?

Maou: Hoping so. I mean, why stop it just Ente Isla, why not rule this world too? I like this plan so much better. Don't you?

Ashiya: Yes, Sire! I do!

Maou: It's Maou.

Ashiya: As you wish, Sire...Maou. I, Alciel, vow to discover the path to your supremacy! You will rule all worlds!

Maou: Thank you, Alciel. Now rise! ...You embarrassing me.

Ashiya: ...Yet still, we got nothing.

Maou: Yeah, Alciel! I totally got a raise today!

Maou: I don't trust that new guy, he's too good for my own good.

Ashiya: You excited to be the lowest person on the first food totem poles, Sire?! If the devil is considered as nothing more than the underling, what does that make me?! Oh...though, how can I judge? I can't even do research properly...hah. With only books to go on, all I can do is speculate...hah...
...? Earthquake?

---

Chiho: Mr. Maou, It's an earthquake.

Maou: Hmm, so it is. Hey, Chi?

Chiho: Yeah?

Maou: Everyone makes mistakes.

Chiho: But it's the sixth time I dropped fries on the floor this month! I'm the clumsiest person in the world!

Maou: Yeah, I guess, you do drop them every other day.

Chiho: All I do is clean up after myself while everyone else waits on customers! At this rate, potatoes will start sprouting from the floor! Haa...

Kisaki: Hey, I know you guys run break, but I need a quick minute. I'm not that scary, Chi.

Maou: Is everything okay, manager?

Kisaki: Would you please call me "Ms. Kisaki?" It's getting crowded out there. When you breaks are over, I want you both on 100%. This is one the fight for No.1 gets real. So, bring it.
Oh, and Chi, sweetie, try not to plant too many potatoes, 'kay? Thank you!

Chiho: Yes, ma'am...

---

Chiho: One big MgMeal with one pepper flies, got it!

Maou: Another large, to order black pepper flies, please! Will that be cash or cards?

Chiho: Can I take your order?

Customer: Files, and your phone number?

Chiho: Eh hee...yeah, not on the menu, sorry.

Maou: You could keep this up, we'll do it...We can be the No.1 in the district!
...Ah?
They're not cooked all the way...? Don't tell me the flier's broken?! Why did it have to be the black pepper flier...?! Okay, now, focus...What now...if I don't do something, being No.1 is the least of our problems...should I use magic? It is kind of an emergency...

Ashiya: Make sure you save your magic only for extreme emergency, Sire.

Maou: Ugh...

Kisaki: What's wrong?

---

Maou: ...Life is fail.

Chiho: It's not your fault, Mr. Maou. Everything's fine. The guy's fixing the flier, will be done by tonight.

Kisaki: Yo, yo, Ma? You got a sec?

Maou: Sure...?

---

Maou: What's going on...Is she gonna blame me for us not getting No.1? Surely not...It's not like I broke the lousy thing...maybe, she's suspicious because I was about to use magic...?!

Kisaki: Thanks for waiting. At ease, kid. It's not bad. In fact, I'm on to make your day. I was just waiting to get final approval from our district office.

Maou: Oh, for what?

Kisaki: For your promotion. Sadao Maou, as up today, you are A-level stuff.

Maou: ...Huh?!

---

Maou: Oh yeah! I am A-level stuff, Ashiya! I gotta raise! I'm a rock star!

Emi: Hey.

Maou: Er? Hey, it's you.

Emi: I went to your restaurant after our conversation.

Maou: Oh, you did? Really? I'm sorry I didn't see you. Next time, just say something. I'll come say hi.

Emi: I watched you all day from the bookstore across the street.

Maou: ...

Emi: You look so different. I thought for a second, I must be wrong. But then, I saw you start to cast a spell...

Maou: A spell...? What? Wait...who are you?

Emi: Ugh...! Let's tell me why are you working part-time at MgRonald's?! Why, Satan?

Maou: A hero Emilia?!

--- ED ---
  