
  Amuro: Ryu, ready on standby.

Ryu: Right. Amuro, we're on docking standby now.

Amuro: Okay Ryu, going in. Start countdown on 5... 4... 3... 2... 1...

Ryu: Laser searcher synchronized. 5... 4... 3... releasing Gundam B Module.

Amuro: Core change, go for docking.

[Gundam makes a mid-air conversion.]

Narrator: The young crew continue to train as they proceed across central Asia. The endless fighting has not let up since they evacuated Side 7.



Amuro Deserts



[On the Bridge, Amuro works on the computer.]

Kai: You're really into this, aren't ya. What're you doing?

Amuro: I'm just drawing up different combat simulations, Kai. We've captured and checked out the Zaku. We've discovered a lot about its specific capabilities. What I'm doing is integrating those number with Gundam's data, then testing them. And if it works I can create more accurate algorithms.

Kai: Yeah, but entering those figures from the Zaku won't do you any good against the new Gouf Mobile Suit.

Amuro: I've increased its performance by about 20 percent to account for that.

Kai: Well, that's pretty clever of you, Amuro. Wanna switch, Mirai?

Mirai: I sure do, thanks a lot. You should get some rest, Amuro.

Amuro: Sure.

[She heads to the interrogation room.]

Mirai: Bright, how's it going?

Cozun: Another under age soldier girl?

Bright: He doesn't believe I'm the Commander. Says I'm too young. We've been getting nowhere with this guy. Listen, Ensign Cozun Graham, answer me, I don't want any more games. Where's Ranba Ral's Galop?

Cozun: If you really are an officer, you should know how to treat an officer.

Bright: Yes, the Antarctic Treaty, I've read its statutes Ensign Cozun. I'd like to hear everything about M'Quve's mines, sir.

Cozun: You think I'm just gonna tell you?

[While Amuro walks down the hall, water comes out of one of the rooms.]

Kika: Water! Hurry, Amuro, come and fix the tap! Hurry!

[Inside, water sprays everywhere.]

Amuro: The tap? Ah! Kika, Mirai is in this room, right? Go and ask her!

Kika: Mirai! Come and fix the tap!

Mirai: What's wrong, Kika? Kika?

Kika: I was washing my clothes, and it won't stop! Help!

Mirai: Please don't go, Amuro. Could you fix the tap for us?

Amuro: Uh, sure. I'm coming in. Move, Kika. Kika, what happened to the handle for this thing?

Kika: It fell inside the sink.

[Amuro fixes it.]

Mirai: Thanks for your help, Amuro. Will it be okay, now?

Amuro: No... Erh, it will do for now, but the tap will have to be fixed properly. Well, I gotta go.

[Elsewhere...]

Ranba Ral: This Zaku seems to have been through a lot. Will it be alright?

Klamp: Yes, sir. The overhaul report looks very promising, sir. They've made good repairs and all old joints have been replaced with new ones.

Ranba Ral: Well, the Fat Uncle may return. Thank you.

Klamp: Let's go.

Ranba Ral: What's the Trojan Horse been up to?

Hamon: Tell me, dear, I'm curious to know. Why did you accept this mission?

Ranba Ral: You don't approve?

Hamon: No.

Ranba Ral: It's just as you think. As you once said yourself, this mission is to carry out vengeance for the Zabi family. But if we succeed in destroying the Trojan Horse and avenging Garma Zabi, it'll be a golden opportunity, right? I'll receive a special 2 rank promotion. It would do my heart a world of good to finally secure the livelihoods of my men.

Hamon: It's for the men then, is it?

Ranba Ral: I'm also doing this for you, my dear, you'll run shoulders with the Zabis. Hamon, you'll see.

Hamon: I believe in you.

[Cozun is thrown back in the cell.]

Jobe John: Don't imagine you'd get out of this place soon, buddy.

Cozun: Those amateurs didn't even do a proper body search.

[He takes a bomb out of his mouth and sets it up on the door, setting it off.]

Sayla: Huh?

Cozun: Hey, kid, you're really a Zeon, aren't ya? If you wanna escape, I can take you along with me, what do you say.

Sayla: Well, I'm sorry but I think you're mistaken. If you are escaping, then I'll scream.

Cozun: What!?

Sayla: The prisoner is escaping from his cell over here!

Cozun: Why you...?!

Sayla: Somebody come quick! The Zeon prisoner is making a run for it!

[On the Bridge.]

Marker: Incoming missiles.

Bright: Quickly, fire missiles at the horizon.

[They do.]

Bright: Where was the point of missile launch?

Marker: They were fired from the ground, from approximately 11 o'clock.

Bright: I had no idea M'Quve set up a base this far east.

Mirai: Sorry I'm late.

Bright: Scope, maximum zoom. Let's examine the base. Amuro, launch Gundam immediately.

Amuro: Roger, I'm ready to launch now, Mr. Bright. I may do a mid-air conversion as well. Please have the Gunperry ready if I need it.

Bright: Roger. Mid-air conversion!? What do you mean, Amuro?

[Amuro heads out in Guntank.]

Hayato: Hey, are you sure it's a good idea, Amuro? You could get into trouble for this.

Amuro: Now, don't worry. I'm sure I'll be able to explain this to Mr. Bright. We'll launch now, ready?

[Guntank heads out.]

Oscar: It looks like the Guntank has been launched. It's Hayato and Amuro.

Bright: What? Why isn't Ryu with them? What are those guys doing?

Ryu: Bright.

Bright: Ryu, where are you located?

Ryu: The prisoner's just escaped from his cell, Sayla's just informed me.

Bright: What!?

Ryu: We have to get Sayla to search for the prisoner. I'll launch in the Guntank.

Bright: The Guntank is long gone, Ryu.

Ryu: Gone?!

Bright: We have no choice, yes hunt down that prisoner. You're authorized to use excessive force if necessary.

Ryu: Good luck to you.

Sayla: Thanks a lot, Mr. Bright, I'll do everything I can to stop him, sir.

Bright: Good luck. Operator! Quickly search through the ship!

Sayla: I have to think like the prisoner, so I guess the first thing he'd do is contact his main force before he makes his escape.

[He is in the communications room.]

Cozun: Erh... this darn machine is really hard to tune in. I got it. Mustang 2, Mustang 2! This is Cozun, I'm in the Trojan Horse.

[On the Galop.]

Soldier: I've been looking for you everywhere, sir. There's a message from Cozun.

Ranba Ral: What? From Cozun?

Cozun: There are 3 types; Gundam, Guntank and Guncannon. There's only 1 of each type on the Trojan Horse, don't know about fighters yet.

[On the Bridge.]

Oscar: Should someone be in the number 2 communications room?

Bright: What? That room should be empty?

Oscar: The comm circuit is open.

Bright: Let's check the monitor.

Oscar: The video circuit's been cut.

Bright: Then will you shut off the master comm circuit?

Oscar: Sir.

[There...]

Cozun: Gyah, great!

[He runs into Sayla on the way out and kicks the gun out of her hand enabling him to escape.]

[On the Bridge.]

Mirai: I'm worried, Bright, how much crucial information do you think was leaked by the prisoner?

Bright: I don't know.

Mirai: The enemy base is in front of us. And it looks like he's called in Ranba Ral's Gouf unit to attack the White Base.

[Outside...]

Amuro: On your right, Hayato.

Hayato: Yeah, I see it.

[He fires.]

Amuro: That's great, Hayato. Against a ground base of this size, the firepower and mobility of the Guntank is good enough, right? We can figure this out. Fighting with Gundam isn't always the best solution. Bright doesn't understand, he's not sure how to move his troops efficiently.

[They continue to attack.]

Commander: Any word from Captain M'Quve?

Soldier: Sir, he's managed to send out Dopp support. However, that's all the information they're willing to give us.

Commander: But... there's no reason to attack us. Why in the world would they bother hitting a mine that has absolutely no strategic value to the Federation?

Soldier2: Ensign.

Commander: What is it?

Soldier2: Ranba Ral's Galop is on his way to give us support.

Commander: What, Ranba Ral? You talking about Garma's revenge unit. That must mean... we're being attacked by the Trojan Horse that everybody's been talking about!

Amuro: Yes, nice! It's a matter of time before we take down that enemy base, Hayato.

[On the Galop.]

Ranba Ral: Cozun, you just get out of there in one piece.




Commercial Break



[Cozun runs downstairs and down the hall.]

Letz: He's coming, he's coming!

Kika: It's attack time, go, Haro.

[Haro trips him. Sayla catches up but he manages to get down another set of stairs.]

Bright: The prisoner is headed for hatch 18 right now, is somebody near there?

Marker: Sir, Dopps are attacking us and there's a ground vehicle as well.

Bright: What's that? It must be the Galop the prisoner was talking about.

Mirai: Sayla will somehow find a way to deal with the prisoner, Bright, get Ryu and Kai, and Amuro must transfer to Gundam immediately.

Bright: Ryu and Kai, listen carefully. Watch out the enemy now has reinforcements.

Ryu: Right, launching now!

[He heads out in the Core Fighter.]

Kai: Guncannon all set, ready to launch now!

[He launches.]

Kai: All right, balance is quite excellent. I'm landing.

[On the Galop.]

Ranba Ral: There it is, my dear, the Trojan Horse.

Hamon: Look, the Dopp unit is here to support us.

Ranba Ral: I'm off, Hamon, but I don't want to jinx this extremely important mission by saying this time for sure.

Hamon: Remember, the report said that the Trojan Horse has 3 Mobile Suits. Be careful please.

Ranba Ral: I wish we had 3 Goufs as well, make it even. If Cozun happens to escape, I would like him to be rescued, Hamon.

Hamon: Of course, I will, my dear.

[Ranba Ral gets in the Gouf.]

Ranba Ral: Gian, Stetch, get ready right right now. We're launching.

[The 3 Mobile Suits launch.]

Hayato: Amuro, look up, Dopps to your left.

Amuro: Nothing but stupid Dopp fighters.

Bright: Amuro, do you read?

Amuro: Yes, sir, I read you loud and clear, Mr. Bright.

Bright: Return to ship, the Core Fighter and Guncannon will cover you. Transfer to Gundam.

Amuro: But, but I... Ugh! Hayato, aim properly! Dopps shouldn't be such a huge problem with the Guntank.

Hayato: I... I'm doing the best I can but... Ah!

Amuro: Hayato, are you alright?

Hayato: I'm fine, Zakus to your right.

Amuro: There's Zakus. And the new one is with them as well. I think the prisoner called the Mobile Suit a Gouf. Hayato, fire.

Hayato: Roger.

[The Zaku dodges the fire.]

Amuro: That Zaku is moving faster than I calculated.

Bright: Amuro, return!

Amuro: Hayato, we're heading back. Guntank is useless against moving opponents. Kai, do you read me? I need back up.

Kai: What?! You gotta be kidding me. Pull White Base forward, Mr. Bright, it's too much for me.

Bright: Roger that Kai. Mirai, we'll charge with the White Base, get us ready.

Mirai: Sir.

Bright: Port side guns, keep that Galop far away from the ship! Amuro, listen up. We're opening the hatch, get back.

Amuro: Roger, sir.

[Guntank heads back inside. Meanwhile, Cozun finds a jet pack.]

Cozun: Just what I need.

Omur: Where's the prisoner? Sayla!

Sayla: He's in the airlock, he's gonna escape.

[She tries to shoot the door open, to no avail.]

Cozun: I'm sure it's strong enough to hold against a lousy gun.

[He opens the hatch. Outside, Omur puts a bazooka up to the door.]

Omur: Hey Sayla, step back.

Cozun: Good they're here.

[The bazooka blast kills Cozun.]

Omur: Sayla, I...

Sayla: Don't feel guilty, he was just unlucky. It could happen to us.

Omur: Y-Yeah...

[Amuro transfers to Gundam.]

Amuro: Cockpit conversion complete, ready to launch.

Sayla: Is the Gundam conversion complete now, Amuro?

Amuro: Sayla!? What are you...

Sayla: I'm very sorry for what I did. Looks like they need me here now.

Bright: Sayla, what happened to Cozun?

Sayla: He didn't make it, it was an accident.

Bright: I see. Hmm. At least our ship's secrets won't be leaked to the Zeons anymore. Amuro, give support to Kai, hurry. The White Base will do the same. Hey!

Oscar: The enemy's spreading out in 4 directions, sir.

Bright: Which one's the strongest?

Oscar: It's the new Mobile Suit in the center, which is called a Gouf.

Bright: Gouf, Gouf huh?

[The Gouf attacks the Guncannon.]

Ranba Ral: This is it for you, goodbye Federation Mobile Suit.

Kai: Ah! It's gonna explode!

Sayla: Launch now Amuro, try to free the Guncannon, it's trapped down there.

[Gundam launches.]

Amuro: Go! Kai!

[He shoots at the heat rod, freeing Kai.]

Amuro: Hey, I missed! The fighting algorithms, they're just not fast enough! The data's useless!

[Gundam is fired upon by the guns at the mine.]

Bright: We have to cover the Gundam now. Concentrate the beam cannons on the Gouf.

[It knocks the Gouf back.]

Ranba Ral: Erh! I've got the worst luck, the shockwaves, they screwed up the body's joints. I hate falling back without a fight. If the ground forces had held up better, we could have defeated that Trojan Horse easily enough. Men! Gian! Sketch! Move out! We're retreating now, head for the Galop and point 3R.

[Later on White Base...]

Bright: I asked you to launch in Gundam and you disobeyed my order. We could have all been destroyed if the enemy had been a bit stronger.

Amuro: But it's a fact that Guntank is more effective than Gundam when attacking a ground fortress.

Bright: Yes, maybe in theory, but the Galop joined in.

Amuro: Uh... yeah.

Bright: An officer is necessary because a soldier can not foresee every strategic move. Never ignore orders! That's insubordination!

Amuro: But Bright...

Bright: Listen, the chain of command must always be respected.

Amuro: I know, but we're not... we're not real soldiers.

Bright: Get your act together.

Amuro: Yes, sir.

Mirai: Mr. Bright, Amuro's doing the best he can, he's trying.

Bright: But if I just accepted that, we wouldn't be alive. Right, Ryu?

Ryu: Uh... I suppose so.

[Later, Amuro works on his strategies again in the dock.]

Amuro: What a disaster... I should have known the Gouf and Zaku vary in speed and maneuverability depending on environment and pilot. I guess I'll have to start all over again and rework my calculations.

[Amuro drifts asleep. Mirai and Bright come in.]

Mirai: I can't really agree with you.

Bright: Jobe can do it. Even Omur's been in the simulator.

Mirai: Hmmm.... even so...

Bright: No repairs on the Guncannon?

Mirai: The spare arm's been repaired in the work shop.

Bright: I really wanna know what you think, Mirai.

Mirai: Well, he may be young, but that doesn't make him unqualified.

Bright: Maybe Ryu should pilot Gundam from now on.

[Amuro wakes up.]

Mirai: Then you've already made up your mind, to take Amuro off Gundam?

Bright: Yes, we can't wait around for one boy to mature.

Mirai: I know this is no training ground, but maybe we can give Amuro some time to rest.

Bright: Maybe.

Mirai: Amuro is a special person, I really feel that.

Bright: Mirai, I want us to agree, it's important.

[Mirai turns, and notices Amuro.]

Mirai: Huh? Amuro!?

Bright: So you heard us.

[Amuro runs off in tears.]

Mirai: Amuro!

Bright: Leave him. It's just as well. Now we don't have to worry about explaining it to him.

Mirai: I don't know.

[Amuro heads down the hall with his things.]

Fraw: Amuro! Where are you going?

Amuro: Hey, I've decided to leave White Base now. Take good care, Fraw.

Fraw: What?

Amuro: Yes, I'm leaving.

Fraw: What's the matter?

Amuro: Bright and Mirai say I'm no longer necessary as a crew member here. So, I'm leaving the ship.

Fraw: Hey, wait a sec!

Amuro: Don't stop me!

[Amuro runs off.]

Fraw: No!

[Amuro heads into Gundam and takes off. Meanwhile, Bright is in bed.]

Marker: Mr. Bright, Gundam is launching! Come in, Gundam, who's on board, come in!

Bright: Wh-What is it!?

Marker: Come in!

Bright: Marker, can you close the hatch?

Marker: Too late, Gundam is launching!

Fraw: It's Amuro! Amuro is...! Amuro!

[Gundam takes off.]

Bright: That Amuro!



Preview:
Alone with Gundam, Amuro attempts to take M'Quve's mining facility. He sees her there, Kacilia, scion of the Zabi family. Will Gundam destroy the base? Or will the Adzam melt down Gundam? Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

Zeon's Secret Mine

Who will survive?

