
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 

(gasps) (exhales deeply)

A news flash has arrived from our Dakar press center.

Incoming!
Guah!

Reactor shutdown confirmed.
No chain reaction.

(panting)

Heat source detected!
Incoming!

Aaah!

Why haven’t they launched yet!?
What’s the holdup?

I need a sit-rep.

Unbelievable.
I didn’t think they'd actually attack the capital.

This is what I’ve been waiting for.
Father…Mother…
I'll make the Federation pay!

Loni, the diversion worked.
They’ll be sending reinforcements.
Head back to the ship.
We're to sit tight till we hear from the Garencieres Team.

Roger.

(2:57)
So, this has finally begun then.
We must resolve this swiftly.

Indeed, but we still do not know the whereabouts of the key to Laplace’s Box.
The Unicorn went missing during the recent battle that incinerated the old prime minister’s residence.
However, despite that, there must be a reason Master Cardeas chose him.

God is toying with us, or perhaps Cardeas' dream, or rather mankind’s dream, has been fulfilled.
Banagher, my very own flesh and blood…

(3:50)
Zeon remnants have remained dormant in the three years since Char’s Rebellion.
Does this sudden act of terrorism signal a new uprising by them?
Some pundits believe this to be the opening salvo of a third Neo Zeon War.

What’s he thinking?
I don’t have enough time for this.
Not when those responsible for the attacks are still out there.

(4:14)
I reject your implications.
Unlike the attack on Lhasa three years ago, this one on Dakar cost the lives of not just civilians but many government workers as well.
I must say I find this mutual mudslinging most unproductive to say the least.
I would prefer to have a more constructive discussion, Ms. Martha.

Okay, I’ll cut to the chase, then.
I’d like you to hand over the special guest who’s currently in your care.

Wha… What are you talking about?

It would be in the best interests of both our parties, especially yours, Chairman.

Leaving aside my interests for the moment, what is it that you stand to gain?

I’ll leave that to your imagination.
Just deliver her to the…

Hmm…
I have some pressing matters to deal with at the moment.
Contact me again in two hours. I'll see what I can do.

As you wish.
He claims to have pressing matters.
I’m talking about the Zabi heir.
What could be more important than that?

(5:26)
(sighs)
Forgive us for the difficult situation we've put you in.
But, Father, she--

You’ve fallen for her, haven’t you?
It’s obvious that's why you deserted your post and fled back here.
It’s like when you decided you wanted to be a pilot and you left home just like that.
I never dreamed in a million years that you'd get yourself mixed up with the Box.
You need to know the truth about our family.
It’s the only way for you to get yourself out of this mess.
It’s life or death.
Have mercy, grant us salvation.

(6:06)
At present, the military and the fire department are doing everything they can to locate survivors.

Banagher…what do I do?
I don’t know what to do!
Leave me!
Reddhe?

I’m sorry.

What’s the matter?

It’s my family.
I’m so ashamed.

What do you mean?

My family, the Marcenas family, has just as much blood on its hands as the Vist Foundation.
It’s the way they've maintained their power prominence through the Universal Century.
I’m certain that my family would do anything to prevent the Laplace’s Box from opening.
Even if that means using you as a hostage again.
The only way to stop that from happening is to get the Box before either the Foundation or Neo Zeon does.
Either that, or we destroy--

Its key?
The Unicorn?

I…I was only trying to help you.
This is probably the worst possible place for you to be.
Whatever happens, I promise I’ll protect you.
So please, stay with me.
Promise me, you won’t leave me.
I don’t wanna be alone.
Will you …Will you become a Mercenas?
Walk away from Zeon and the Zabi family and you're part of the Marcenas family.
I think you know what I’m asking.
I don’t care if it’s just for show.
If you did, father would listen to us.
You could end all this fighting and be free.

That’s not free.
What kind of freedom would that be?

I understand what has to be done.
(8:08)
(8:15)
(groaning)

Ple Twelve.
That’s your name, right?

(groans)

Answer me.
You’re supposed to obey your master’s orders.

Except for the fact that you aren’t my master, so if you want me to obey you, you’re going to have to torture or brainwash me.

That’s enough!
Watch your mouth!

We’ve come to learn that reconditioning you would prove to be difficult.
They broke them all when they created you.
But that won't stop me.
I’ve no interest in a doll whose memories can be rewritten like a hard drive.
There’s something else I’m after.
The Mass Production Type Qubeley.
That’s the machine you all used to pilot, isn't it?
And by you, I mean artificially-created Newtypes.
Puppets that do the bidding of their master.
Alas, your poor soul is still being held prisoner within that machine.
Unfortunately, you were created by men who only knew of spilling blood.
Since true life can only come from a woman’s womb, don’t you find all this unnatural?
Lucky for you, I’m going to free you from that machine.

(wheezing, gasping) (screams)

(9:38)
This is a camouflaged freighter belonging to the Sleeves that landed on Earth approximately ten days ago.

I did hear something about the ruins of Laplace being destroyed.
Are you saying these people were responsible?

I want you to use your resources to locate them.

In short, you want the Ra Cailum to run a personal errand for you.

The shipping question was also involved in the incidents at Industrial 7 and Palau.
As commander of the Londo Bell, aren’t you concerned about the safety of the Nahel Argama?
She is presently being detained in the Earth orbit.
You should know this came from the General Staff Headquarters by order of the Vist Foundation.
I don’t want it to appear like we’re taking hostages, so I’ve laid all my cards on the table.
The Foundation is after this ship, as well.
But if we take it into custody first, it will give us the upper hand.

What’s so special about this ship?

It’s carrying the Laplace’s Box.
So you must cease control of that ship.
If you’re unable to do so, you’re then commanded to destroy it.

You give me too much credit, sir.
Granted my career has been far from conventional, however, I’m not--

It’s hardly surprising for a man who has repeatedly captained the motherships of Gundam types since the One Year War to be singled out as commander of a Newtype corps, don’t you think?

I suppose that’s just my luck, sir.

Well if you make your talents too well known, there are those who will find a way to take advantage of them.
I have one last favor to ask.
It’s about that prodigal son of mine.
He’s a pilot in the military.
I would like you to take him aboard your--
What is it?

I beg your pardon, sir.

What is it, Doillon?
I told you, I was not to be disturbed unless…
Hm?

It seems that the Lady Mineva has suddenly disappeared from her room.
We are searching the grounds for her as we speak.
(11:28)
(11:51)
Sorry to break this to ya.
I'm probably the last person you want advice from on this, but the only way to get the mobile suit out is to crack the hull.

We'll save that as a last resort.
Cracking the hull would wreck the Garencieres.

But sir, whether or not the diversionary attack works, we have to reconnect with our allies soon.
If we stay here, it's only a matter of time before we’re discovered.

I still can't believe they hit Dakar of all places.

Yeah, but they were itching for a fight.
Can't I blame 'em.
Don't forget, the people biding their time on Earth missed out on two Neo Zeon wars after all.

Even it’s so, we better make contact soon.
Who knows what kind of crazy stunt that are pulling next?

There’s no oasis but 60km east of here.
Let’s make a quick trip there by mobile suits and then we can make contact with our allies.
At this point, wrecking the ship is the only way we gonna…

I understand, but without the way activating the Unicorn, it’s pointless.

We could always tie up the kid inside the cockpit nor someone else pilots this thing.
The next set of coordinates the La+ program gave, I wanna help, inconvenient place.

Give me the map.

It’s ridiculous!
The captain lost it.
Why the hell is he taking you, of all people?
Hey you!
Don’t you think yourself so precious!
Who cares if you can pilot that thing?
We kill you just the same.

You’ve got wrong.
I don’t think that.
This is my fault.
I know that.
I killed Mr. Gilboa.

You bet your ass it is!
He could land us safely despite the Unicorn grabbing on during atmospheric entry.
If he be in the hell, we wouldn’t be in this mess.
(13:32)
(13:47)
On the house.
Drink up.
I like the way you dig in.
It’s nice to see a young lady who isn’t obsessed with good manners.

Ah…
Thank you very much.
It looks great.

I haven’t seen you around here before.
So whereabouts are you from?

Ah…

Yeah, Spacenoid, huh?
No wonder haven’t seen you before.
You sightseeing?
There isn’t too much around here far to see.

I beg to differ.
As someone who’s born and raised in space, I’m happy to be able to set foot on your ground.

Well, gravity haven’t exactly been kind for folks like me.
Makes me wonder if my back would feel better if I were in space.

Does that mean you’ve lived on Earth your entire life?

Yeah, I’m a bit too old to leave now.
My generation was raised on stories of the bad old days from our grandfathers and grandmothers.
XXX that sounds pretty terrible back then.
Indeed they figured out something new, so they founded the Federation Government and space settlement program.
New probably don’t know this.
Most think was only the poor that were forced out into space but truth is a lot of people left Earth on their own.
They were prepared to stay away until the Earth’s environment fully recovered.
But then the One Year War came along and undid most of the progress that had been made on that from.

We’re hopeless, aren’t we?

Hah…, what can you do?
It all began out of good intentions, anyway.

Good intentions?

Both those of Federations and colonies were motivated by the hope to take it safe humanity.
It’s no difference that one your company does succeed and one give your family better life.

The way you described it, it sounds more like self interest and self idealism.

Yeah, I hear what you’re saying.
But if we denied people that would be their way, what kind a world would this be.
I suppose people can work for the greater good even their own expense, but the half of their expense species for those types.
Like that Char guy for Neo Zeon.
He claimed he was fighting for the good all people, even while he was dropping asteroids on us.
Truth is, whether he was fool on himself, that man never learned to love humanity.

So then, what do we do?
Hell if I know.
Still we’re unable to figure that one out yet.
I’d like to think we re-tried, we can only postpone paying repair so long.
I spent my life regretting not being able to do anything for you people.
And then, best I gonna offer is just make you a cup of coffee.

I see.
I suppose you’re right.
So anything I can what tell…
The coffee was very delicious.
I don’t have any for gratz.
This alone made my coming to Earth meanwhile.

Come Miss Audrey Burne.
Chairman Ronan is waiting.
Follow me, please.

Ha... are you!?
I am Mineva Zabi.
I have no intention of running or hiding.
Stand aside, now!
(17:30)
(17:49)
I’m having Mineva Zabi delivered here.
I’ll be using her as bait to recapture the Unicorn.
I’m sure she’ll come apply.

Yes.

Why don’t you be the one to give it its orders?

Yes.
(18:08)
(18:27)
Why?
Why pick me to do it?

Because you look like you have the most time on your hands.

This no way.
Who can walk four days through a desert?

It’s not impossible.
Damn it!
Didn’t I tell you to take sips at regular intervals, even if you aren’t thirsty?

Please…just…leave me.
What you want me to tell you to hang in there or something?

Just wanna be left alone.
Sick in this, being used and caught up in things I don’t understand.

Well, tough luck kid.
You’re a pilot now.
So stop being a victim and quit sulking already.
Gilboa thought to roll over in his grave.

I didn’t mean to kill him OK?
Mr. Dagza died, my head went completely blank.
But if you can’t forgive me, then just put me out of my misery!

Don’t lie to me.
I see in your eyes, you don’t believe that for one minute.
You’re looked someone who decides for himself how he lives and dies.
So as long as you are still kicking, you might put on a brave face.
A man’s life is about struggle till the day he dies.

If you trust in the possibility that lies within, the path will show itself to you.
It’s all up to you now, Banagher.

I tried.
I did what you asked!
And now what, look at what happened!
What goal is it for?
I piloted a mobile suit, I fought and killed then it, and now I’m stock walking across a desert!
Tell me what more do you want me to do, ha!
How much more do you expect me to fight?
(20:15)
(20:53)
We were prisoners of war been held here in Africa.
In the camp, Treaty wasn't even more than the paper with printed on.
But that's Okay.
Zeons are Zeons.
To the Feds, we were the devil in cornet(???).
The people who'd dropped the colony.
While the bigwigs were negotiating a peace, frustration was building up on the Federation's troops who were sent to occupy our homeland.
There were typical fogs.
"They've been brought up demoness(???). Slay the Zeon devils."
And Saying's like, "If you are looking for a good time, find the Zeon woman."
They needed a scapegoat, something to appease them,
Finally they came around and town was overrun by soldiers.
The elderly begged for their lives, crying children clung to their mothers.
And then, killed every last one of them.
The official reports said troops tried to pacify rioting citizens.
But it was obvious to everyone what they were really doing was blowing off steam.
The name of the town was Globe.
My mother and father lived there.
So did the captain's family.
Get a wife, a daughter too.
She just turned five.
And in the end, the revival of the Zeon wouldn't bring any of them back and I don't give a rat's ass what's inside that Box.
So, what were we supposed to do then?
Die in vein were cursing the world?
Or fight in the endless war.
Those were our two choices.

why are you crying?

Because it's beautiful.

Enough to make you think that all those stories about the Earth being polluted were lies?
Thing is, the air around here is even more polluted than it used to be.
And they say the desert has advanced all the way to Dakar's doorstep.
It's all humanity's doing.
Indiscriminate development, dropping the colonies and the asteroid.
If humanity is the product of nature, that makes all of mankind's waste and poison, natural products too.
And even if it's rendered unfit for human habitation, it'll be the result of nature achieving a new balance, I guess.
Mother nature does not have an ounce of marcy.
Our ancestors were able to understand that.
As products of nature, it was something they knew instinctively.

To survive, and to protect themselves, they created civilizations and societies.

Yeah.
But what they created got too complicated.
A society's supposed to serve the people, not the other way around.
In the end, it made life too difficult for people.
And to escape that insane world, they went out into the space in search of new home.
There, they created a different system.
It was natural thay'd want more lies which gave hope to the Spacenoids that were cast out.
It gave their lives direction.
That was what Zeon was all about.
But the old system that was still on Earth rejected.
Because systems born from two different philosophies can never be compatible.
The result is always the same.
One tries to make the others submit.

Before that, the unified government like the Federation, and the world where ten billion people are living in the space, must have sounded like fantasy.
So, isn't it still possible that humanity could succeed?
That one day they will be able to merge the two ways of thinking?

But the government will never treat everyone equally.
The hatred of the beaten and the downtrodden runs so deep.
It still clings to the Earth to this very day.

The situation's sad, don't you think?

Yeah... I suppose it is.
Even though we live our lives trying to escape sadness.
How wonder why that is.

(sob...)

Hey, Banagher.

I know, I know.
You're gonna tell me that the man doesn't cry in front of others.

No.
Crying because you care is an entirely different matter.
I don't trust anyone who never cries.
That's my philosophy.

(Sob...)

Banagher.
I owe you one.
If it weren't for you, I think I probably would have given up along the way.

Thank you.
But all I did was slow you down.

Having someone who challenges you sometimes makes you all the difference.

Is this mean the Carencieres has a new member?
Didn't you stop picking up strays, captain?
That's it, you can stop there.

Good work out there.

Captain.
Well, somebody I met one time gave me a piece of advice.
He said to find the better way to use the Box.
So that must be my...
But where is it?
Tell me where the Unicorn's next set of coordinates are.

It's Torrington this time, eh?
This Box does have aware keeping us our toes.
I can't help wonder if Cardeas Vist is making fools all of us.

Nicely done at Dakar, Lt. commander Kirks.
Thanks to you, we successfully destructed them with your Earth Zeon Remnants.
And therefore we were able to protect the Garencieres.
You have my gratitude.

Sir, and you ours.
The Zee Zulus has proved to be formidable assets, sir.

Ah, you must be Ensign Loni Garvey.
I'm familiar with your father.
He has done us a great service, perfecting Haman's legacy.

Captain, I have one goal.
It is to settle the scores that haunt the souls of my father, mother, and my people.

Loni!

I would like to request that you assign us aiding the mission to attack Torrington.
If we dispatch that Split-horn Gundam there, we can probably learn the whereabouts of Laplace's Box.

Granted.
I am the leader of Neo Zeon and we made our stronghold in space.
But I have no right to give orders to those who have been broiled a guerrilla warfare since the One Year War.

In that case, may I take that to mean that you have no right to stop us either?

May the heavens bless and protect the heir to Mahdi's cause.

Seig, Zeon!

Captain, are you sure about this?
Dakar was bad enough, but this is...

I understand your misgivings.
Nevertheless, they have been waiting all this time.
Time has stood still for them.
And people can grow accustomed to waiting.
I suspect that they could have gone and waiting forever.
However, time has begun to flow again, all because of Cardeas Vist.
No dam can hold back this river, and doing nothing will only muddy the waters.
Do you not agree, Captain?
And to insure that does not happen, I have get the another job for you and the Garencieres.

Can you take that?

Sure thing.

So, you're the pilot of the Split-horn.

eh...

The key to the Box.

What do you mean?

Don't disappoint me.

They say she was the one who piloted the behemoth at Dakar.

Message from Kirks Team!

The ones who attacked Dakar?

Is it? It's a code used by the old Principality.
It's an old watchword.
It takes back to our forces first came down on Earth during the One Year War.

What does it say?

Hopper codes. Let's give the Feds the shock.
They won't expect what's next.
Dakar was only the beginning!

Dolphin 2, signal lost!

Give me a damage report!

Sonar, off line. too much interference!

Aquatic ordnance, all green!

propulsion, values nominal!

Dolphin 1, engaging two unknown mobile suits!

Can we launch our reserve suits?!

Flooding on our way!
Three minutes to completion!

We're supposed to drop this off at the coordinate point. once our allies capture the base, then wait to see if it reveals any data.
Ivan's gonna be our escort there.
Is something wrong Banaghar.

I just think it's strange.
This is the Zeon weapon, why is it fit a federation mobile suit?

Well, they both use the universal standard, so of course they're compatible.

But they can make their machines compatible, why can't they find the way to stop fighting?

I don't know, but it was the one thing they XXX? in the course of all they were fighting.
It was a matter of efficiency.

In other words, it benefits the Anaheim Electronics?

Well, it worked better in the field, too.
I mean It's helping us right now, isn't it?

Is that it?

Wow!

Wow!

The kid's good.

New Guinea, that's our destination.
We were missing ship in the coral sea.
Bonefish, Federation Forces submarine.
Given the state of those waters, there is a strong possibility she was sunk.
If its disappearance is linked to the ship were hunting, it's possible we have to engage enemy forces.
Our priority is to procure the Laplace's box, but we may not have that luxury.
Stay sharp at there.

Roger.

Captain Bright?

What is it?

Speaking freely, I have a request of you.
Don't give me special treatment.
Regardless of my background.
I'm first in for most an E.F.S.F pilot.
I'm plow(?) you not to keep me off dangerous missions...

That's enough!
Listen to yourself.
The only one giving you special treatment around here is you.
I have no reason to play favorite.
I could care less who you are.
If I need you, I'll use you.
However, if I send you out, come back alive.
That's what makes the pilot.
If you can do that, then I'll treat you like one.

Yes, sir.

It's me.
Put me through.
Bright here.
Come again?!

Why is there of all places.
It's where the colony was dropped.
Damn that Cardeas Vist...
Was he trying to make us do, forces to retrace humanity's downfall.

Hey, you don't have to worry about the kid.

But if he turns on us wearing that suit, we wouldn't be able to stop him.

With for now, he's got total faithful in captain.

Ms. Loni...

Massive mobile armer approaching from shore!
Torrington Base, requesting assistance!

Russet, Candor!
The next wave is coming!
Scatter!
Loni!
Avoid the city!

This is the most direct move to the base.
Have you forgotten what the Federation did to us?

We don't want unnecessary casualties!
Keep your cool!

Roger.

What's wrong, Loni?

Father?

A runaway Psycommu...
Could it actually be thirsty for blood?

This is... a slaughter.
Nothing but a slaughter!

It doesn't strike me as something Char's successors will do.
How many?

There appear to be four small transports and one mid-sized VTOL craft above the area, sir!

Is that thing the camouflaged freighter.
That would be some damn luck.
Think It's possible?

I've intercepted the enemy's trunk line, sir!

Is this the group that attacked Dakar?
All hands, level 2 battle stations!
Put the Mobile suits on standby!
Could these people be connected to the Box, too?

Audrey, you and I, we can't escape the curse that we each were born into.
This is mean I'm just fighting will never...

Hey there, newbie!
If you slow us down, we won't hesitate to shoot you in the back.
Don't you forget that!

You got a great team here.
To better I'm on a part of.

You can join whenever you want.
You know, all you have to do is shoot one of us in the back.

That sure is enticing.

Pilots have to believe in their orders sound, even if their bosses are morons.
But rather fortunate to ask me.
At least we serve under a great C.O.

The C.O. of the Gundam Corps...
The Gundam, the key to the Box...

Finish them all off!

(Zinnerman)
What are you doing?!

(Banagher)
I'm going out in the Unicorn.
If I can break the La+ Program's seal, you have no reason to keep up this attack, right?

(Zinnerman)
Settle down.
You go out there now, those flak guns will shoot you down.
Wait till we've mopped up.

(Banagher)
What do you mean, "mopped up"?
Innocent people are dying out there.
Don't you care?

(Zinnerman)
This is an operation.
My opinions aren't relevant.
Stay put.
We didn't tie you up before you shouldn't come.
If you didn't expect something like this, you have a serious lack of imagination.
This is what happens when you seize enemy territory.

(Banagher)
Attacking innocent civilians? Decimating fleeing people?
How can you even blame this on war?
This is just an act of vengeance.
That first time we met back in Industrial 7, you chose not to shoot me.
I know you. It's eating you up inside.
So make them stop.
Cause this is your idea of war, then why did you take me with you across the desert?
Why did you save Ms. Marida?!
She doesn't call you Master because she's a cyber-Newtiype.
It's because you saved her like you did me.
It's because you touched her heart just like you touched mine.

(Zinnerman)
Shut a hell up.
I went you on because I thought it would make my job easier.
I was concerned about you well being because you are the key to the box.
So you don't think this is really war, well open your eyes and take a good look.
This is war.
There are no principles, no dignity, no honor.
Some kill, others are killed.
It's the simplest that.
And what's wrong with vengeance?
This war of ours is a long way for being over.

(Banagher)
Your thinking. That's how the Federation soldiers rationalize putting down the Zeon town.

(???)
See to(??) Louise.

(Banagher)
Even though people are sad, we live our lives trying to escape sadness.
You told me that.
You know this is pointless.
What you are doing, none of it is going to accomplish anything.

(Zinnerman)
What would a kid like you know.
My whole team, we've been waiting this moment for a long time.
So long that I've died be out by itself.

(Banagher)
You don't have the right just because you being through hell dosen't mean you can force others into that hell.

(Zinnerman)
Quit your yammering. I swear it...
Alec, get this kid off from me, Flaste!

(Flaste)
Sorry Cap. I've got my hands full right now.
You've got have to take care the kid yourself.

(Zinnerman)
You such.

(Banagher)
I don't get it.
I just.. I don't understand it.
It's true. Life can be sad.
It could also be filled with pain.
But even so, we can't close our heart off because of it.
Other sadness, I don't want to forget that.
It's because we have hearts that we can feel sadness.
And that's the reason I want to become a man who can acknoledge that sadness.
The kind of man you are, Captain.

(Tomura)
Banagher?

(Banagher)
Mr. Tomura, please launch the Unicorn Gundam.

(Tomura)
Aren't you on standby?

(Kirks)
Loni, stop. Leave from the east side and head for the base!

(Tomura)
You sure about this?
If I drop him now, he'll be a sitting duck.

(Flaste)
It's all right. Should have the kid do any he wants.
Right, Captain?

(Banagher)
Captain, everyone on the Garencieres, thanks for everything.
Banagher Links, Unicorn Gundam, here I go!

(Tomura)
Launch!

(Banagher)
I'm not a key to some box. I'm human.
And you're a machine built to amplify human abilities.
That's what you were built for.
For those of us who can sense what's in others hearts, other peple's sadness.
So please, don't let anger take control.

(Loni)
The Split-horn?
It's too soon from the Garencieres..
What the..!
Do that boy betray us?

(Banagher)
I'm going to break the box's seal!
You better off fall back.

(Loni)
Why is the box's key getting in the way?
Kirks.

(Kirks)
Loni, what is it?

(Loni)
The Split-horn opened fire on me.

(Kirks)
Why would it do that?
Loni, we gotta go!

(Loni)
We've taken a long treacherous load to get here.
I'll crush anything in my way.

(Kirks)
I don't like this...

(Watts)
What is this? Some kind of walking war museum?

(Daryl)
They got guts attacking in each suit like those.

(Nigel)
That's why we can't let our guards down.
Fairly these guys are crazier than we are.

(Banagher)
Stop it. Why are you doing this?

(Loni)
I've waited in my whole life to this moment.

(Riddhe)
Banagher?!

(Loni)
I owe you all a debt of gratitude.
As a result of Garencieres crushed into the desert, we finally been able to take our revenge.
You're bit too late.
If you stop me now, all of this've truely been for nothing.
So move it!
Hurry up and activate the Split-horn already!

(Banagher)
Stop this.
All that take your responsible for here today?
Their families will ??? take that? for your people.

(Riddhe)
He's wasting his time...

(Banagher)
Stop this now!
If you keep fighting like this, it'll hurt in your heart and lose your humanity.

(Loni)
Shut up!
My father and mother were hunted down for being Zeon remnants.
Nobody gave them a choice to surrender.
They were sloutered like animals.
I devoted my life to finishing what my father started.
That's why I'm here.
I don't care of your precious box opens or not.
It's not can give me anything back.(???)
Now get back! Out of my way!

(Riddhe)
Banagher!

(Banagher)
Ensign Riddhe, if we don't stop that thing, the city will...

(Riddhe)
I know, but nothing you can say would change that pilots mind.
We have to take it out!

(Banagher)
But don't you know force won't solve anything?
That isn't her. She's been enslaved.
I can do it. I'll stop her!

(Riddhe)
You are right.
She is be enslaved... by a curse bound by blood that can never be broken.

(Banagher)
Ms. Loni, listen to me.
Think about it. Is this what you really want.
Is this what real you truely want?
Ms. Loni!

(Loni)
But this is all I have.
So... without this, I have nothing to live for.
Nothing!

(Banagher)
Then, find something.
It's too sad to live only for hatred and anger.

(Loni)
It's only human to be angered by unjustice.
People aren't perfect.

(Banagher)
Even so, you still have to stop this!

(Riddhe)
Have you lost your mind, Banagher?!
It's stopped.

(Loni)
Father, Mother, I won't know(?) anymore...

(Kirks)
I'll cover you. Pull back now!
Damn it!

(Daryl)
Watts!

(Nigel)
I said not to let your guard down!

(Kirks)
Only one shot left...

(Daryl)
Basterd!

(Kirks)
Loni, listen to me.
??? rest of us.

(Loni)
Have they killed Kirks?
The damn Federation killed him.
They've taken another person away from me.
He was the last of my family.

(Banagher)
Ms. Loni!

(Loni)
There's nothing left for me now.
Now let it go!

(Riddhe)
It's harsh reality.
You can't fight it...

(Banagher)
I must...
I must do what I can do to stop her.
I have to stop her.
Gundam!
I need to borrow your power!

(Bright)
Gundam.

(Loni)
Now move!

(Riddhe)
Banagher, what are you doing?! Shoot her!

(Loni)
You better stay out of this!
I'll make you pay! I'll make you pay! I'll make you pay!

(Banagher)
This dark feeling that's inside you.
Don't let it take over your heart. It won't do any good.
Don't let it consume you! Fight it!

(Loni)
For children to be consumed by their parents' wishes is the way of the world.
I'm not wrong to feel the way I do.

(Banagher)
What they left you was not a wish, it's a curse!

(Loni)
It's the same. Our parents gave us life.
We are bound by blood to carry out their wishes.
Curse are not what they are doing!
You are hippogriff(??).
Your power was given to you by your parents too.
It's my... This is my fight in my war!

(Riddhe)
Get on board, Banagher!
We have to be faster than the reaction time of those reflectors.
How's your beam magnum?

(Banagher)
I got one shot left.

(Riddhe)
It's do or die then.

(Banagher)
But ensign, I...

(Riddhe)
You have to!
It is the only way to protect the city!
Let's circle around and charge ??? the chest.
Spread up be past then break though of a simultaneous attack!

(Loni)
Sieg Zeon, Sieg Zeon, Sieg Zeon...
Sieg Zeon, Sieg Zeon, Sieg Zeon, Sieg Zeon...

(Banagher)
Come back! Don't do this!

(Riddhe)
Give it up already!

(Loni)
Sieg Zeon, Sieg Zeon!

(Kirks)
Loni, it's time to go... Our war is over.

(Banagher)
Ms.Loni...

(Riddhe)
Banagher! What are you waiting for?!
You are willing to die for possibility?!
It's meaningless! Let it Go!

(Loni)
Banagher. Isn't it sad...

(Banagher)
I can't do it!

(operator)
Tha massive moblie armor has stopped moving.
The other Zeon Remnant mobile suits appeared to have been mopped up.
Assessing the damage to Torrington Base.

(Bright)
Get me Romeo 008. I'll give him the order.

(Zinnerman)
Blast... Take us out of this airspace...

(Riddhe)
Come out of there, Banagher.
I have direct order to seize that Gundam.
Hand over that suit.

(Banagher)
Ensign Riddhe...

(Riddhe)
(This is all because of you...
If it weren't for you, none of this haven't happened.)

(Riddhe)
A black...

(Banagher)
Unicorn...?

<END>
  