
  Narrator: The crew of the Modilla squadron sent out to rescue the heavily damaged White Base, but found themselves attacked by Goufs and Dodai attack pods. Amuro and the others quickly rallied together to assist the Modilla. With the help of the G Modules designed to upgrade Gundam, they succeeded in defeating the enemy.



Black Tri-Star




Kycilia: Is this some kind of joke?! This plan is absolutely ridiculous. Have you forgotten how many of our precious resources M'Quve brought us from the siege of the Earth Federation? He also succeeded in putting a Mobile Armor to practical use.

Advisor: Excuse me, then forty of our headquarters would be ruined.

[She slaps him.]

Kycilia: Military authority... a man's pride, how useful would those things be if Zeon isn't victorious?! We'll save your honor once we win this war. Take steps to deliver the close combat heavy Mobile Suits to commander Char.

Advisor2: But your highness, we can't do it just yet.

Kycilia: Of course not. You just need to get it to him before he joins the Mad Angler squadron. Also, I'm sure there are a number of heavy Mobile Suits allocated to other troops that can be used for battle on Earth. Would you consider sending those over too?

Advisor2: Yes, ma'am.

Kycilia: Have you delivered the Doms to the Black Tri-Stars?

Advisor: Yes, we've been informed that they did received them. They should have already left the satellite orbit to rendezvous with M'Quve.

Kycilia: Good. You will of course keep an eye on the situation.

Narrator: As the occupier of the moon, Kycilia could not head to Earth to lead a Zeon war party. It would have meant leaving her Lunar territory vulnerable as many battles were left unsettled on all fronts. The best she could do was to assist M'Quve by sending her own brave warriors known as Zeon's Black Tri-Stars.

[A Zanzibar heads to Earth. At White Base...]

Matilda: Good morning.

Amuro: Oh, good morning, Lt. Matilda.

Matilda: What's this?

Amuro: Some components for Gundam's upgrade modules. I'm organizing them since I'll have to do repairs myself, makes it easier.

Matilda: That's quite impressive.

Amuro: Where are you going?

Matilda: I'm heading over to the bridge.

Amuro: I'll show you the way.

Matilda: No, that's fine.

Amuro: Wait! There's a terrific shortcut that would be helpful to know.

Matilda: Alright.

[They head up in the elevator.]

Fraw: Oh, good morning, Lieutenant.

Matilda: Good morning.

Fraw: Amuro!

Amuro: What?!

Fraw: You promised me that you would fix the air conditioner in my room once you finished breakfast!

Amuro: Oh?

Fraw: Hmph.

Haro: Hmph. Hmph. Hmph.

Fraw: Quit it!

[She kicks Haro.]

Kai: Matilda, she's my type. She's just so sophisticated and she's so nice too.

[Matilda walks by behind him.]

Kai: I'd be the happiest man if I could have a girlfriend like Matilda.

Matilda: Let's focus more on the White Base and less on your love life.

Kai: Ah! Good morning, Lieutenant.

Matilda: Good luck finding a sophisticated girlfriend.

Kai: Uh, Lieutenant, now that I've made a total fool of myself I almost feel bold enough to ask you for permission to take a picture of you and myself later on?

Matilda: No problem. Why don't we do it now?

Kai: I'm honored.

[He sets up the camera.]

Kai: Would you guys cool it down, this only gets me 12 copies per photo!

Crews: Let me in, too!

Kai: Okay, here it goes... there!

[The picture is taken with Kai in a bad position.]

Kai: Oh...

[Afterwards.]

Amuro: Mr. Bright, I've brought Lt. Matilda to see you sir.

Matilda: Thank you. No, please don't get up.

Bright: I'm terribly sorry, Lieutenant.

Matilda: You look better than I thought you would.

[Amuro closes the door and looks at the picture.]

Amuro: Alright!

[At the Big Tray...]

Revil: I was hoping to speed up the Operation Odessa, gentlemen, yet the troops seem to be much too slow in their progress. Elron, send a coded message to Hurest.

Elron: Sir! However...

Revil: Demand from others what you would from yourself.

Elron: Sir.

Assistant: General Revil, the air force patrol core has sent us a report. You've been asked to review it immediately sir.

Revil: Zeon Zanzibar warship has already landed...

Elron: That's old news General Revil. Our Big Tray has already confirmed that.

Revil: Oh no, look at what it says after that! The Black Tri-Stars were dispatched with their new Mobile Suits! They're a nightmare. I met those three at the Battle of Loum. Yes, they're the ones who took me captive. They're very tough, vicious even. We've got to begin Odessa Day even earlier than we had anticipated, right, Elron?

Elron: What? Yes, I'll the inform the respective units at once.

[He goes in another room.]

Judoch: You're looking a bit pale.

Elron: Judoch, I hope you're not spying for both sides. Revil is quite aware that the Black Tri-Stars have landed with the Zanzibar.

Judoch: B-But that just can't be!?

Elron: Pass this message on to Captain M'Quve. Operation Odessa will commence very soon.

[On White Base.]

Matilda: Will we be able to finish earlier, Colonel?

Colonel: Yes, that's no problem.

Matilda: Look after Gundam's upgrade modules, Amuro.

Amuro: Right.

[They leave.]

Amuro: Ms. Matilda?

Matilda: Yes?

Amuro: Why did you join the supply core?

Matilda: Let's see... because amongst all the destruction of war, it's really the only division that attempts to create things. I guess that's it.

Amuro: Create things?

Matilda: Since wars only mean destruction, I felt that human beings cannot continue living merely by fighting. We all need to build again. And, we're clean now.

Amuro: Ms. Matilda, I, uh... I believe... I believe that you're a strong person Ms. Matilda.

Matilda: You're teasing me.

Amuro: I-I'm sorry.

Matilda: It's okay.

[Meanwhile, the Black Tri-Stars arrive.]

Gaia: Yeah, leave them to us. We're a dang side better than duking it out than that their Char. You just point your little pinky where we can find that dang Trojan Horse. Well, whatever. Ortega, Mash, let's go!

Ortega:
Oh!

Mash:
Yeah!

[They take off.]

Gaia: I bet you we'll find them around here. No metallic reactions detected. Try the next mountain.

[They trigger an alarm, notifying White Base.]

Bright: What is it?

Sayla: The enemy has been spotted. 3 Mobile Suits approaching at 2 o'clock.

Bright: Get ready now to counterattack. Mirai, you're in charge.

Mirai: Sir.

[Everyone rushes on the ship.]

Guy: All clear, let's go!

Supervisor: Remove number 3 from the front of White Base!

Hayato: A bunch of new controls... I've got to operate it by myself. Can I pull this off?

Kai: Hey Hayato, you alright there?

Hayato: Yeah Kai, if you can work yours all by yourself, then I'll be fine.

Kai: Hm? Hahaha...

Marker: It passed our second observation marker. They're moving quickly.

Mirai: Is Gundam ready to go yet, Sayla?

Sayla: No, not yet. They're still checking the G-Armor. And I was just informed they need me down there.

Mirai: By who?

Sayla: Engineering Colonel Sequi. He wants me to operate the G-Fighter.

Mirai: What? Get Jobe John. He's a pilot.

Sayla: I guess they needed someone who's more experienced with Mobile Suits.

Mirai: Well, then I suppose we can have Fraw Bow take over your position for now.

Oscar: Ms. Mirai, the engine's just gone through an overhaul so you need to do a trial run.

Mirai: Understood.

Sayla: Okay, Fraw Bow, please take over. I'm off.

[She heads down there.]

Sequi: Pilots needn't worry about the connecting mechanisms because the computer will do it.

Amuro: But what if the computer gets damaged?

Sequi: If the laser sensors are synchronized, it's quite possible to dock manually. But you'll stall if your speed is under 600 kilometers an hour.

Matilda: Amuro, where's the G-Fighter Pilot we requested?

Amuro: She's here.

Matilda: Hurry now.

Sayla: Yes. This isn't the G-Fighter... I believe it's the G-Armor. Can I handle this one?

Engineer: Yeah, it should be a piece of cake for anyone who's piloted the Gundam.

Matilda: Just have some faith in the machinery. I'll be watching you from the bridge. Alright?

Amuro: Yes, ma'am. Uh... hey, Sayla, you ready?

Sayla: Um, I'm still not finished checking. Hold on.

[On the battlefield.]

Hayato: Woah, these guys, they're fast!

Omur: The engine output won't increase, we'll have problems after takeoff!

Mirai: Shall we have a specialist check it out?

Omur: Yeah, I think so.

Mirai: Fraw Bow, please ask Lt. Matilda and Colonel Sequi to come here.

Matilda: What's wrong White Base? What's preventing you from taking off now?

Mirai: The main engine output won't increase.

Matilda: What? Colonel Sequi!

Mirai: Fraw Bow, how are the pilots doing with the G-Armor?

Fraw: It looks like Sayla's having trouble with it. She can't seem to figure out the proper docking operations.

Matilda: There's no time. Tell the pilots to take off immediately. Amuro can do it, please allow G-Armor to take off.

Mirai: Ma'am. Tell them to take off now with G-Armor.

Fraw: Right. Amuro, Sayla, please take off!

Sayla: These are for docking... First then second...

Amuro: Sayla, let's go!

Sayla: Okay.

Amuro: Engine at max, align take off axis okay Sayla?

Sayla: Yes.

[It takes off.]




Commercial Break




Kai: To my left?! Gotcha.

[He fires but can't hit the Dom.]

Kai: Missile!? Ugh.

[A Dom shoots down one of the Modillas. The G-Armor takes off.]

Amuro: Sayla, to your right.

[She dodges a missile.]

Sayla: Ugh!

Amuro: Sayla, listen. When we're in G-Armor mode, your cockpit is better controlled the aircraft. You're the pilot. Make yourself ready with the infra-red monitor first, I'll be firing the G-Armor's Main Cannon. Where's the enemy... They're behind us! Turn around Sayla!

Sayla: Right.

Amuro: You've got to pull it harder. Step on the flap with all your might.

[It turns.]

Amuro: No! We're too late! This is tricky. It's bigger and much harder to turn. But I guess it has a greater power source and it's beam cannon lasts 3 times longer than Gundam's. Rotate left, 90 degrees. I'm preparing to aim the beam cannons.

Sayla: Roger.

Amuro: Proceed at a 40 degree angle. Okay... take this!

Gaia: Urh... swat them pesky flies! I ain't never seen that module. It ain't in the Trojan Horses' data. I think it's a Fighter Bomber. Never seen that before.

Amuro: Firing rear missiles at a minus 4 degree angle.

[He does.]

Gaia: Not bad for a weird looking feddie fighter thing.

[On White Base...]

Sequi: It says here that there's no problems with the synchro motor. That just can't be.

Technician: There's no problem here either.

Sequi: We'll check it again.

Marker: G-Armor's in trouble now, Ms. Mirai, and both Guncannon and Guntank are being forced back.

Mirai: Lt. Matilda...

Matilda: It'll be fine. We can count on Colonel Sequi. Fraw Bow, please alert the support crew. I need to make sure that my Modilla's ready for take off immediately.

Fraw: Ma'am.

Mirai: We may be just a bit too late.

Matilda: And what makes you think that, Mirai?

Mirai: No particular reason, I just feel it. Ah!

Matilda: Hm? What is it?

Mirai:Nothing, ma'am.

Matilda: You can't fool me, I've got you pegged. The worrysome type.

Mirai: Yes, I suppose so. I've been told that many times you know. Amuro, Sayla, Kai, Hayato. Hang in there.

[On the battlefield.]

Kai: There he is. so useless, such a klutz. I can't even slow the stupid enemy down.

Hayato: Erh, he's tough.

[G-Armor is hit.]

Amuro: No, Sayla!

Sayla: I'm still okay. Where are they?

Amuro: Well, they're progressed pretty far now. Try to fly around and hide behind the mountains.

Sayla: You're reverting to Gundam now?

Amuro: You bet.

Sayla: I wonder if I can successively dock the modules.

Amuro: I know you can, I'm totally confident. That's funny, huh? You've always told me the same thing.

Sayla: So you're returning the favor. Then I'll do it for you.

Amuro: Kay. Pattern G automatic set. Now, if there's any problem I will, no I'll be just fine. We'll do it.

Sayla: 4... 3... 2... 1... 0.

[Gundam converts out of G-Armor.]

Amuro: Keep talking to me, Sayla. Are you okay?

Sayla: Yes, I'm just fine. The computer did it all for me. Now go, you have to hurry back to White Base.

Amuro: Roger. What? There's a Modilla. Oh no, I hope that wasn't Miss Matilda.

[On White Base.]

Matilda: The pressure has now increased in number 2 and number 3. However, with the other ones, the pressure seems to be decreasing.

Sequi: We managed to find the problem, Lieutenant. Just give us 3 minutes to fix it.

Matilda: Please finish it in 2 minutes.

[White Base is blasted.]

Mirai: Fire guns! Fire missiles directly ahead of us!

Matilda: Mobile Suits?

Amuro: Found you! Let's put an end to this now.

Gaia: Dang! Feddy boy dodged my shot.

[They battle.]

Amuro: The vulcans have no effect! Oh no! They finally reached White Base!

Gaia: The infamous Mobile Suit... It's not as great as they say.

[Matilda and the others head out.]

Matilda: We're this close to making White Base survive its worse crash. I just can't sit around and watch this magnificent ship go down. Hurry, we're taking off.

Pilot: Yes, ma'am.

[The Modilla takes off.]

Amuro: Oh no, that Mobile Suit. The pilot is trying to destroy White Base!

Gaia: That ain't no regular guy, that's one fantastic pilot. Ortega, and Mash! We're gonna pull a jet stream attack on that there Mobile Suit. He's quicker than I thought. Ready, boys?

Mash and Ortega: Yep.

Amuro: Is he coming at me?

[The Dom charges. They attack but Gundam isn't damaged.]

Gaia: We got him. Let's go with the jet stream attack one more time, boys.

[The Modilla arrives and fires at the Doms.]

Amuro: A Modilla? Could it be Matilda? Erh...

[The Doms charge at him again.]

Amuro: Oh no! Ah!

[Amuro jumps on top of one of the Doms.]

Gaia: Boy, I ain't no springboard!

[He destroys one Dom, but another latches on to the Modilla.]

Matilda: Ram us into the ground and destroy that Dom!

Ortega: Oh, we just about had that there Mobile Suit.

[He smashes the bridge, causing the Modilla to crash. Amuro finishes off one of the Doms.]

Sayla: I... I couldn't do anything to help...

Gaia: That there Mobile Suit... It destroyed Mash's Dom!

Ortega: I still can't figure how that feller got through our jet stream attack. It was incredible.

Gaia: No more ammo. Let's high tail it back to base and work on our tactics.

[Later, on the Big Tray.]

Revil: We've got good news, there's hope after all. The White Base stemmed the attack of Zeon's Black Tri-Stars. They've become combat ready.

Elron: Is that so? Congratulations, General.

Revil: Well, how about that White Base. I really have to say that they developed into a formidable crew.

Elron[thinking]: That crew makes me furious. Where in the world do they get their strength from?

Revil: Elron. Commence Operation Odessa, it's now time to strike. We'll move on M'Quve's base at 0600 hours.

[On White Base...]

Bright: To express our sorrow over all of the crew members of the Modilla transport and Matilda's squadron who'd been lost in battle. All hands, salute!

[They do.]

Sayla: If only I were a better pilot... I'm so sorry, Ms. Matilda.

[Amuro thinks of Matilda.]

Amuro: Ms. Matilda... Ms. Matilda... Ms. Matilda... Ms. Matilda... Ms. Matilda... Ms. Matilda!!



Preview:
Amuro helps arrest the traitors, which leads the Earth Federation to victory in Operation Odessa. But the two surviving Black Tri-Stars soldiers return with their Doms to avenge their fallen comrade. And, continue their vicious attack upon the Gundam. Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

The Battle of Odessa

Who will survive?
  