
  Narrator: The Principality of Zeon, a gigantic space city state floating beyond the moon is dominated by the Zabi royal family who are determined to control all of humanity. Attempting to bring down their dictatorship, the Earth Federation has fought relentlessly against the Zeons on Earth and in outer space. Meanwhile, the White Base, which had survived the attack of a Zeon space cruiser escaped from the space colony Side 7 and descended to Earth. The young crew, unable to contact Federation forces must continue fighting. They must encounter one terror after another.



Coming Home



[White Base has landed near a beach.]

Ryu: Here we go!

[Hayato knocks Ryu over. The kids play in the water.]

Sayla: It's strange to feel direct sunlight. In the space colony, the light is skewed with mirrors.

Mirai: I guess this place is what they call nature.

Sayla: Mirai, when people talk of the open sky I suppose this is what they mean.

Kai: Hey guys, seen Amuro?

Mirai: He went to see his mother, Kai. He'll be back.

Kai: So that's why I saw the Core Fighter. Go figure.

Mirai: He just left. He said his hometown was about 30 kilometers away.

Kai: Well, I'm disappointed in him. Isn't he one of Earth's elite?

Mirai: It's really unfair to say that everyone who happens to live on Earth is elite. Amuro and his father stayed out in space for several years. He's never really lived with his mother so he's eager to see her again.

Kai: Just having a place on Earth makes you elite.

Sayla: It seems like there have been a lot of air raids in this area doesn't it? I hope this area is safe.

Mirai: I do wonder... there's been some guerilla fighting, so I hear.

[Amuro walks through the town.]

Amuro: I couldn't possible imagine you getting hurt mother.

[Amuro runs towards the house where he used to live. Inside a bunch of Federation soldiers hang out drunk. Amuro runs in.]

Soldier1: Huh? Who are you, kid?

Amuro: This is my house!

Soldier2: What?

Soldier: Stop.

Soldier2: But this xxx wasn't very...

Soldier: Uh, should get empty... Sorry we entered your house without permission, but there was no one here, kid.

Amuro: Nobody was here? Mother!

Soldier3: Isn't it an abandand house.

Amuro: What? You're lying! Mother!

Soldier3: Mother? Hah. Mother huh? He doesn't believe me.

Amuro: Mother!

[They laugh. Amuro leaves, but takes a wooden puppet on his way out. He flashes back to years before.]

Tem: If you need to be with Amuro, my dear, you'll have to come with us right now.

Kamaria: But going into outer space is...

Tem: You'd change your mind if you took one look at the remarkable construction of a Side. I have to show it to Amuro.

Kamaria: I understand that. But I don't think I can... Forgive me, I could never get used to living in outer space, Amuro.

[Back to the present, Amuro runs out of the house and comes across an apple cart.

Soldier2: Hey there, what's the matter? What's wrong, little boy? Miss your mommy?

Woman: Please, please pay me. This is all we have to live on. Please, pay me for that apple.

Tall Soldier: Here.

[He throws a coin on the ground.]

Amuro: Don't pick it up, lady, don't pick it up! The soldier, he'll pick it up!

Sunglassed Soldier: Huh? Who's that?

Woman: Oh. Hey, that boy...

Tall Soldier: Now say that to my face, kid.

Amuro: I said pick up the coin and I meant it!

Tall Soldier: Why you little...

[Amuro knocks him to the ground and punches him.]

Amuro: Pick it up! Pick it up!

[The other one kicks him in the face. The soldier who Amuro was attacking kicks him.]

Tall Soldier: What do you know? If we weren't here patrolling the area like we do, this area would have become Zeon property a long time ago!

Woman: I remember! Amuro, that boy is a friend of my daughters. Please stop, he's just a child.

Tall Soldier: What's that? Stop what?

Woman: I'll give you back your money, please leave that poor boy alone.

[Later...]

Woman: The soldiers who survived were cut off from the main force. No one would come and help when they needed it, so that's what happened to them. War's so awful.

Amuro: I see. So Comoli's gone.

Woman: Yes, my daughter and my husband... I wish I could feel grateful being alive, but, somehow I... So have you been able to find your mother?

Amuro: Uh-uh.

Woman: But, haven't you gotten any letters from her at all? So you don't know that she's a volunteer at the refugee camp?

Amuro: S-She's alive?

Woman: Yes. Do you remember the old church we used to go to? Behind the hill, near the place where you played with Comoli.

Amuro: Thank you!

Woman: Careful! Please, Amuro!

[Amuro leaves.]

[Meanwhile, in Zeon fighter planes...]

Pilot: The enemy seems to have completely retreated.

Pilot2: If no Federation fighters come out to greet us soon, our guns will start to rust.

Pilot: I'm crying. This is lagoon 3 reporting here. Area 304. No activity.

Supervisor: Roger.

[On the ground...]

Marker: All hands return to ship. Enemy aircraft sighted. Ready anti-aircraft batteries.

Bright: Enemy?

Marker: It's approaching from 10 kilometers out at sea. And it's not transmitting a friendly radio signal Mr. Bright.

Mirai: What should I do, should I launch the White Base?

Bright: No, if we try to move right now they'll spot us more easily, Mirai.

Mirai: That's true.

Bright: We can't afford to have them to call for reinforcements either. We'll take the initiative and shoot them down.

Mirai: Right.

Ryu: Core Fighter, ready to launch.

Sayla: You're clear for launch, Core Fighter, proceed when you're ready.

Ryu: Roger, I'm off!

Pilot: Something's coming.

Pilot2: Enemy?

Pilot: Looks like a fighter, wait he's behind us!

Ryu: Too late!

[He shoots one of them down.]

Pilot3: Descend!

Ryu: No you don't!

[He fires at them but they get away.

Pilot3: Fire, fire!

Ryu: That recon plane wants to fight.

[Amuro flies over the church.]

Amuro: This is it! My mother is down there.

Boy: Something's coming!

Girl: It looks like an airplane, you guys!

Kid: Let's go look!

Old Man: Is it just my imagination, or do you see a Federation fighter?

Bald Man: That's exactly what it is.

Old Man: This isn't good.

Kid: Wow, cool that's a real fighter plane.

Old Man: Wait a minute, son. You're a soldier from the Federation, right? I don't know the reason why you've come here, but could you do us all a favor and hide that fighter?

Amuro: But why? I'm just trying...

Bald Man: Well, son, your enemy's forward base is just beyond those mountains right over there. And they come to check us out almost every single day.

Old Man: If they've already seen you, it could cause huge problems. Could you hide your plane for us please, son?

Amuro: Yes, I'll do it right now.

Kamaria: Is that Amuro? Amuro!

Amuro: Mother!

Kamaria: Amuro...

Amuro: Mother!

Kamaria: Amuro!

Amuro: Mom!

Boy: Oh wow.

Old Man: Excuse me, could you please take care of the fighter plane now?

Kamaria: Yes, that's right. Amuro, go hide it quickly. Then the two of us can spend some time together.

Old Man: I take it that's your son.

Kamaria: Yes.

[Later, inside...]

Kamaria: Horrible. I had no idea how far the Zeons would go. Then you don't know if father...

Boy: Hey! Two soldiers are coming here!

Kamaria: Don't move a muscle okay?

[The 2 Zeon soldiers head through the town.]



Commercial Break



[The 2 enemy fighters battle the Core Fighter.]

Ryu: Watch this, ha ha!

Pilot3: What kind of fighter is that tailing us?

Pilot4: I don't know.

Pilot3: Forward base, this is hot dog patrol reporting. Enemy fighter in our sight. Position Y207.

Pilot4: Look, over there!

Pilot3: What?

Both: Ah!

Ryu: Gotcha!

Both: Ah!

[The plane blows up.]

Ryu: You're finished! Oh no, fuel is leaking, it looks bad! Listen Bright, they got my fuel tank during the attack. I hit one of their planes, but I lost it!

Bright: You can't confirm it?

Ryu: No, I can't stick around any longer.

Bright: Operator, are you able to figure out the enemy's flight path?

Marker: All I can tell you is that the enemy aircraft is moving southwest.

Bright: Which means the plane is heading towards Amuro's hometown. We must to contact him. Listen up, Ryu! Can you get back to the ship?

Ryu: That's no problem at all, but...

Bright: I'll have Amuro do the rest.

Ryu: Alright, over.

Bright: Sayla, send Amuro an alert signal now! Hurry!

Sayla: Sir.

[Meanwhile...]

Mustached Soldier: Alright, everybody stay put. Nobody move now. Isn't anyone in this place gonna speak up? We heard that an enemy fighter may have landed. Anyone have any information to back up this report? Hey, did you happen to see an airplane? You can tell me, kid, don't be afraid, just tell me exactly what you saw.

Boy: How do I know?

[He kicks him.]

Mustached Soldier: That's not nice. Look, I have chocolate.

Boy: Give me back my mom and dad!

Mustached Soldier: Nah, too bad! Ha ha ha. You lost your chance to have some chocolate. Sorry kid.

[Amuro's pager goes off.]

Mustached Soldier: Huh? Where's that noise coming from?

Amuro: How could they page me at a time like this?

Mustached Soldier: Where's that noise coming from!? Hmmm?

Old Lady: I don't know, I'm 89 years old.

Mustached Soldier: Hey, ma'am. Who's that in that bed over there?

Kamaria: Nobody really, just one of the injured that I'm helping to take care of that's all.

Mustached Soldier: Let's see!

Kamaria: He's my son and he's badly injured!

[He tries to pull her off of the bed so he can see Amuro.]

Mustached Soldier: Let's see if you have nothing to hide!

[Amuro shoots him from underneath the covers. The other soldier runs off.]

Amuro: Ah!

Other Soldier: Ah!

Kamaria: Amuro, wait! Amuro!

[Amuro shoots at the fleeing soldier until the gun runs out of bullets.]

Kamaria: Amuro.

Man: It looks like this soldier's still breathing, get a doctor!

[They go outside.]

Kamaria: Even those Zeons could have children waiting for them at home. You've grown so wild, Amuro, I don't even know you.

Amuro: I... I can't believe what you're saying, Mom! You'd rather they got me? Would you prefer that? It's war!

Kamaria: I know but... It's not right for my son to wave around a gun like that.

Amuro: Oh, Mom... are you saying... are you saying... you don't love me?

Kamaria: How can you? How is it possible for a mother not to love her only son?

Amuro: You're a liar!

Kamaria: Amuro!

Sayla: What's happened, Amuro?

Amuro: Uh... nothing.

Sayla: Right. This is an emergency, a Zeon patrol plane is heading your way. Be careful, we will rendezvous with White Base.

Amuro: Roger that, Sayla.

Kamaria: Amuro, what's happened? You weren't raised to be such a terrible violent boy. Why can't you be more gentle like you used to be?

Amuro: Can't you accept... we're at war now!

Kamaria: You're so cold I'm ashamed to call you my son!

[Amuro runs to the Core Fighter and takes off.]

Amuro: Is that it? I'll get you! Where do you think you're going? Are you heading for a base? I'm coming after ya, I really don't care if there is a base!

[The plane crashes near a Zeon base.]

Commander: Heads up, the recon plane didn't make it back! Commence anti-aircraft fire, launch the Dopps!

Amuro: Ah! I... missed them! No way...

[He shoots one down.]

Amuro: Gunperry... Great, they brought Gundam with them too! Yeah!

Kai: Hey Amuro, wanna try a new challenge and attempt a mid-air conversion?

Amuro: What, mid-air? Yeah! A trial run during battle should be fun, go!

Omur: It's a bad idea, Mr. Kai, we just installed the docking parts that Lt. Matilda brought us, they haven't been tested.

Kai: You just heard Amuro say he wants to try it in mid-air, so we better do it.

[Meanwhile, Amuro's mom sits on the bed.]

Kamaria: Maybe it's because I was never around all those years. All I know is he wasn't like this as a boy. My little boy wouldn't even hurt a fly.

[Gunperry prepares to release the Gundam parts.]

Amuro: Distance 50 meters, activating docking searcher.

Kai: Laser searcher synchronized, countdown: 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Gundam Module B released!

Amuro: Core change! Go for docking!

[The Core fighter attaches to the legs of the Gundam.

Kai: Done. Good one. Gundam Module A, released!

Amuro: Kai, watch it! I don't think it's synchronized!

[The Gundam finishes the mid-air conversion and blasts the Zeon base with the Beam cannon and vulcan cannons.]

Bright: That's Amuro...! What in the world is he doing out there!?

Fraw: Well, he's probably going after the enemy base.

Bright: What's the point in using our valuable ammunition on that back water base? That's stupid Kai, what was he thinking? A mid-air docking in front of the enemy without testing?! It's a careless waste of our resources! You know, we might as well surrender to the Zeon forces right now.

Mirai: Bright, that's enough.

Bright: So you think I'm wrong, do you?

Mirai: No.

[Later, Amuro says goodbye to his mother.]

Kamaria: You don't want to stay.

Amuro: No mom... it's not like that. I feel like I belong somewhere for the first time in my life.

Bright: You are his mother?

Kamaria: I want to thank you for taking care of Amuro.

Bright: Not at all. Amuro has saved us on many occasions.

Kamaria: Oh yes...? Really...

Bright: Earlier today, Amuro did an impressive feat under difficult circumstances and we're all proud of him.

Kamaria: I see.

Bright: Yes. Now then, coming Amuro? Well, we'll be leaving shortly, alright?

Amuro: Yes. Goodbye mother, take care of yourself, I gotta go.

Bright: Excuse us, I'm honored to have your son in our unit.

[They leave. Amuro's Mother falls to her knees and cries as White Base takes off.]

Kamaria: Amuro...



Preview:
The White Base crew aren't the only ones running short on weapons and supplies. Chief Quaran's booby trap strategy is enough to bring terror to Amuro and the entire crew as they bravely face off with Gundam. Will Amuro survive the assault? Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

Time, Be Still

Who will survive?


