
  (00:00)
It is now 23:40 Greenwich Mean Time.
We are about to witness the end of the world as we know it, and usher in a new world as never before imagined.
The Earth Federation government is about to host a ceremony at the Prime Minister's residence, Laplace, to cerebrate the birth of a new era.
The ingenuity of mankind has allowed us to move beyond Mother Earth and build worlds of our own to inhabit.
Tonight, we’ll mark the beginning of a new epoch.
Let us come together in this joyous moment to honor the past, the era of Anno Domini,
and greet the dawn of the Universal Century with open hearts and minds.
So with great enthusiasm let us open the door to our future together.
Farewell, Anno Domini.
And welcome, Universal Century.

Greetings, citizens of Earth and Space.
I am Ricardo Marcenas, Prime Minister of the Earth Federation.
It is with great pride that I stand before you tonight.
In a matter of mere moments, the era of Anno Domini will fade into history.
In the past, Presidents and Prime Ministers addressed the citizens of their respective countries.
Each country had its own people, its own territory, (xxx……)to protect their interests, (XX) of other countries.
But when you look at the [retro] space, you can’t see those dividing lines.
And now that we've made mankind’s dream of unified world government a reality,
we are no longer bound by the antiquated nation-state system.
And just as no man is an island unto himself, no one nation can survive without a commitment to work together.
Now that we must face dangers that threaten our planet as a whole, the entirety of our people can face them as one.
The old nations of earth were incapable of ...[Static]... to create effective solutions.

Well then…

We’re going to proceed as planned, but this has the potential to create chaos on a level we have never before known.

It’s hard to believe it’s been almost 100 years.
If nothing has done, the Earth Sphere will not be able to continue.
Those who can correct the flaws of the Universal Century are beginning to emerge.
I pray that we will soon find one who can be entrusted to carry Laplace's Box.

Yes, sir.

Cardeas. Can you forgive me?

What we’re about to do could lead to the destruction of the world.
If anyone were able to give you forgiveness, it would have to be me.
(03:54)

(04:15)
Disperse Minovsky Particles at combat density now.

Enemy ship appears to be Clop class.
Thermal energy detected.

Evasive maneuvers!

What’s taking so long with the bulkheads?!

Intense heat sources emitted from the ship, appears to be two mobile suits.
Correction: make that three suits, approaching at high speed.

Send Marida out.
Ignore the mother ship.
The Garencieres can shake it off.

Roger that.
Target has been acquired.
That’s a high speed Jegan, possibly a Special Forces version.

That means this was no coincidence.
We hit the debris cluster in 10 minutes.
Take care of those Jegans and get back here.

That’s an affirmative, Master.

And stop calling me Master.

Marida Cruz, Kshatriya, launch!
No way you’re following our ship.
Funnels!

Damn Sleeves!

Mission complete.
Returning to ship.
(07:35)

(07:46)
Therefore, it was the Battle of A Baoa Qu which brought an end to the One Year War 17 years ago,
one year before you were born.
Once the hostilities ceased, over half of the human race had been wiped out.
The war was started by the Principality of Zeon in the name of independence for the space emigrants.
And even though the war's officially over, groups claiming to be the remnant of Zeon have started their own wars.
They claim to desire autonomy for the Spacenoids, but at their heart you will still find the same ideas
of the inherent superiority of the chosen elite found in the philosophy of Gihren Zabi.
The concept of Zeonism proposed by Zeon Deikun, the so-called "Newtype" ideology, was a dangerous belief that
ultimately produced these rebellious elements.
You there!
You'd best give me your full attention.
You believe you can get a job without an education?!
But Anaheim won't even hire you for a factory worker position, if you don't hold some kind of diploma!
Don't believe everything you hear about that 100% job placement rate.

Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Bancroft. It's the shuttle again....
(08:57)

(09:04)
Don't you think it's time they upgraded the shuttles?

The chairman's such a tightwad.
He thinks that the decommissioned Anaheim ones are enough.

So we're staying here tonight or what?
I didn't being a change of clothes.

Yeah, me neither.

So that means tomorrow we're gonna miss the field trip to the Snail.

No way! I can't spend two days here listening to Bancroft's special lectures!
It'll put me in a coma!

I bet I could teach all the history of Char's Rebellion in under two minutes.
Right, Banagher?

Hey, look up there! It's a Zaku!
Damn it, Bancroft!
Why don't you tell us there was something so cool here?

What is it? What's so cool about it?

It's only the granddaddy of all mobile suits!
Hey, wait a sec! We got to check it out!

No, we don't.

The wars ended a long time ago.
What are those things good for?

Takuya, I'm pretty sure you can't take pictures.

If you listen to me, we coulda had so much fun, but no.

Hey, Banagher.
Do you realize you look out into the distance a lot?

I do?

Yeah, like just now.

I'm not really looking at anything when I do that....

Huh?

It's hard to explain, I guess... I'm wondering where...

Where your father is?

No, where I am.

Oh, sorry.

It feels like no matter what I'm doing, I don't actually feel like I'm there.

I know what you mean.
It's like you can put your finger on it, but everything feels off, right?

Yeah.

I sometimes wonder if that feeling's gonna keep growing stronger.
I think the only people who don't feel it are the few get to live their lives how they want to.
Hey! Are you listening to me?

A mobile suit...

(11:20)
Increase velocity.

R-right.

Fly like you're going straight into that debris field.
Keep going.

Please, sir, I can't!

Breakdown, 0-6-0.
I'm most impressed...

Thank you.

... with the machine.
At ease.

RX-0 Final Phase all clear.
Psycho-Frame G-force within expected parameters.
Pilot's life sign stable.

We're heading back now, Gael.

I'm sorry, sir.

What's the matter?

There are still some people at the Anaheim Electronics Industrial College training facility.

I thought we checked the class schedule.

We did, sir. But it seems the transit shuttle broke down.

I see. Well, even if someone did happen to notice it, we were moving so fast they couldn't have caught more than a glimpse.

(12:45)
I was able to get hold of a staff officer on Luna II.
They confirmed a Lond Bell ship ran into some Sleeves and try to pursuit them.

So there was a leak. Did they engage in battle?

Yes, sir.
Not only did they lose three mobile suits, but they let them away.

Is there anything else?

I tried Londenion, but their commander isn't very forthcoming.

That would be Bright Noa, I believe
Try the supply fleets, then. That'll tell us how the fleet itself is moving.

Yes, sir.

All right. Everyone, listen up.
All operational testing of the RX-0 is now finished.
The testing OS must now be deleted.
Seal the NT-D, and boot up the La+ Program immediately.


Forgive, huh?
(13:55)

(14:15)
Roger that. Entering gate #5.

So what're we gonna do with this "Laplace's Box" thing, anyway?

If they really have it, we'll bring it back home.
If it's a trap, we'll fight our way out.

(15:50)
Man, I think I can't deal with any more of this weightlessness.
Let me skip the Snail Field Trip. It's too much!

What's too much is all the partying we did last night.

Looking at the Construction Unit is a bore.

Are you kidding?
People don't usually get to look inside that thing.

Banagher?

Don't bother, Micot.

Banagher, go to bathroom?

I gotta check something out.

I can't die. Not now...!

Hey, what are you doing?

Gonna borrow this for a sec.

You can't do that. Get the hell back here!
Get back here!

This handles differently than in a vacuum!

There you are, but it's almost daybreak. Not good.

I have to hold on... I still need to...

Danger! Danger!

We're gonna be fine!

Brace yourself!

Danger! Danger!

(18:00)
Banagher, wake up! Banagher, wake up!

Ow! Hey!

Who are you?!

What's your problem?!

Banagher, are you OK? Banagher.

You're from this colony?

I'm in a hurry. Will you be able to help me get to the Colony Builder's entrance?

You mean the Snail?

Can we get there in this thing?

It's out of gas and the battery's short.

I don't have much time! Help me.
There's someone I must speak with.
But if I don't get there in time, I'm afraid something terrible will happen.
We must act immediately. So please!

Stop something? What is it?

A war.

Hey, wait! You can't do it alone!

Who's this parson you need to talk to?
The Snail... that's what everyone calls the Colony Builder, but all it is a factory.
Although it's just a rumor, supposedly there's a Vist Foundation mansion at the end of it.

Have you been there?

No, I've never seen it, but one of their higher-ups is the chairman of my school.

Attention all passengers.
This is a security announcement.
The authorities have just issued a security alert.
This train will stop temporarily at this station until the security alert has been lifted.
We will resume when everyone's safety has been ensured.
Thank you for your patience.

Seems like this keeps happening.

Well, the government has to be extra-cautious these days.
Oh, why not get off here?

We can't do that, Marco!

We should go.

(20:10)
So you're thinking she was in that petit MS?

Makes sense. Given the fact that she's nowhere to be found.

We're going to be a lot of troubles if the Federation saw her.
But we'll have to see how the Federation reacts before we can know that.

My apologies, sir.
It's my fault for not noticing that she stowed away on our ship.

No, it's not.
I'm the captain of the ship, so I'm the one to blame.
Fortunately we know where she is going.
Get back before she has a chance to make contact with Cardeas Vist, and try to stay under the radar.

(20:45)
So that's a Construction Unit?

Yeah, it’s a factory unit that builds foundation blocks for the colony.
This whole place is still under construction.
Why aren’t you eating? You gotta be starving.
Let’s keep on the move.

You mean we’re going to eat and walk…?

Hey, they're about to begin a factory tour.
We can blend in with the crowd.
We'll figure out the rest once we’re inside.
(21:17)

Marida!

Let’s go back.
You have your position to consider.

If you understood my position, you’d know I can’t do that.

I know what you’re trying is futile.

We can’t handle Laplace's Box right now.
Whatever it is, it will simply be used by Full Frontal to start a meaningless war,
which will bring nothing but more separating.
You understand that, don’t you?

I don’t.
I understand that I have orders to follow.

That’s a lie.
You weren’t given your powers for this.
You know very well that--

I’m sorry.

Danger! Danger!

Give me your hand.
Come on.

Hurry!

(22:40)
Why did they…

My name…
Sorry, I was only gonna say I never told you my name.

It’s Banagher.
Your pet called out your name after we crashed.

Banagher. Go, Banagher! Go, Banagher!

Yeah, so I’m Banagher Links.

And, I'm...
My name is Audrey.
Audrey… Burne.

Audrey?
This is Haro.
It's a replica of the robot mascot built by an ace pilot back during the war.
It was the coolest thing ever when we were kids.

I wouldn’t know what most kids liked…

What do you mean?

Well, when I grew up, we were always on the move.
I was brought up like a nomad…

Yeah, that sounds a lot like me.

(24:15)
Man! Look at those rails!

They go up so high!

Whoa! Check out that framework!

Come on Micott, take a look! It’s really cool.

Yeah, right down there!

Guess Banagher never showed, huh?

That Petit MS that crashed on our school campus,
I hope that wasn’t him.

He didn't crash, that was a forced landing.
We don’t know why he did it, so we shouldn’t be spreading rumors about him.
If he gets kicked out of school, he’s gonna be living on the streets.
It’s not like he has a home to go back to.

Banagher?!
Who's that girl he’s with?

(24:57)
Those people who are after you, what’s up with them?

I ran away. They’re supposed to bring me back.
They're not trying to hurt us.

You some kind of political activist or something?
Well you know, one of those anti-Federation, the ones seeking independence for the Spacenoids or whatever?

Kinda… Only scarier…

You said you wanted to prevent a war, didn’t you?
The walls of the colony grow as more and more foundation blocks are added.

Amazing…
The world itself is growing…


(26:00)
Sir, we picked something up on lift 2's surveillance camera.

What is she doing there?

I don't know, sir.
I received a report that earlier this morning, someone snuck into the service route to the artificial sun, but I never would have imagined.

Have you heard anything from the Sleeves?

No, sir.

So she is acting on her own.

This may interfere with the Box's delivery.
I still believe that as the head of the Vist Foundation, your meeting with the Sleeves in person is ill-advised.

And what do you have on this boy she is with?

Ah yes, sir. He is with her.
He looks a little young to be a bodyguard.

(26:50)
That’s it.
I can’t believe there’s really a mansion out here.
Maybe no one’s home.
Banagher!?
Excuse us! Is anyone here?
Banagher, you can’t just…
A unicorn…

To my only desire…

You can read all of that?

What’s going on?
I remember this.
I’ve seen this before.

Interested in that?
"The Lady and the Unicorn".
It’s a tapestry believed to have been created in France before the middle era.
And it’s no replica.
My predecessors went through a great deal of trouble to acquire it prior to the One Year War.
I’m head of the family, Cardeas Vist.
This is my home.

I must apologize for coming into your home without permission.
My name is…

I’m aware of who you are.
I think it would be best for everyone if you didn’t mention your name.

Then we’ll skip the formality.
As long as you understand my position, that’s all that really matters.
I’ve come here to ask you to rethink this course of action.
I’m referring to Laplace's Box and your plan to hand it over to us.

I think you had better leave.
It’s too dangerous.
We shouldn’t be talking under these circumstances.

Zinnerman is a rational man.
He wouldn’t cause trouble unnecessarily.

Would you consider your protection unnecessary?

Tell me.
Why are you doing this?
I've heard that Laplace's Box has guaranteed the prosperity of the Vist Foundation for decades.
Why give it to us now?

Excuse me.
You’ve been asked to leave.

There are people after her.
I won’t leave her alone!

Do you even have the slightest idea who they are or what they want with her for that matter?

I don't.
I don't, but they are scary people.

Scary?

That's just how they felt…

That’s something a Newtype would say.

She said they were scary.

You are putting your future at risk by staying here.
This is not what your father intended when he sent you to Anaheim Electronics Industrious College.

How do you…?

I'm the chairman of your school.
As such, I can find out who my students are and can find out anything I need to know or expel them as I see fit.

Go home, Banagher.
I appreciate all you’ve done for me thus far.
I can take it from here.

But Audrey, I can still help.
You came here to prevent a war, didn’t you?
And doesn’t he have the power to do something about that?
Hearing you talk about the war is so different from hearing my professors talk about it.
More grave.
You've made me see how bad it would be.
So please, let me…

Banagher...

I just... My heart was pounding when I saw you fall from the sky this morning.
Everything that felt off in my life just slid into place.
For the first time in my life I knew what I was suppose to do.
I don’t care who you are!
Just say that you need me and I'll...
Just tell me…

I don't need you.
Now go, the best thing you can do is forget about me.

You made the right decision.
I've changed the location of the exchange with your comrades.
Once the time seems right, you’ll be reunited with them.

I urge you to rethink the consequences of what you're about to do.

I understand your concern about this.
You’re not wrong.
I’m aware that Full Frontal is being called the second coming of Char and not to be taken lightly.

Then why are you--?!

Because it’s not that simple.
Even if given the key, it will still take someone qualified to open Laplace's Box

The key to the Box?

We have taken steps to create something that will ensure that this is no easy horse to break.

(31:20)
All right. Return to the ship.
We just received a message from the Foundation.
They want to move the meeting from the Central Port to the Colony Builder.

So what did they say about her?

They're feigning ignorance.
I can't tell what they're up to, but we'll keep a poker face on from now.
You just head back to the ship.
I need you to be ready for anything.

(31:50)
Huh? What's that?

The head of the Vist Foundation in person. I'm honored.

We're entrusting you with the fate of the Foundation.
I couldn't leave this to anyone else. This way, come.

Argh, you piece of crap!
Londo Bell... What are they doing here?!

Enemy?

A key? What's this?
So it's not the Box itself you're giving us, but rather... its key?

Unsatisfied?

Not unsatisfied, just confused.
We don't even know what the Box is or what it does. Of course, nobody does, do they?
But we do know that opening Laplace's Box would mean overthrowing the Federation,
and that your Vist Foundation's wealth and glory come from your secret possession of it.
We also know that your reputation as a charity that transports works of art to the colonies is nothing more than a front.
The truth, however--

Your leaders acknowledged the value of what we offer you here today, which is why they sent a man of your skill to receive it.

What with our situation being what it is, we can't afford not to grab at any carrot that's dangled before us.
And if it turns out that carrot has been poisoned, I guess my superiors will be disappointed.

Tell me, do you believe in the existence of Newtypes, Captain?

Spend enough time on the battlefield, and you'll encounter a sort of power that can't be explained away easily.

"Power". A word that someone with personal experience might have chosen.
As humanity expands into space, all of our latent abilities will blossom in order to adapt to that great void.
We will then be able to understand and accept one another without misconceptions.
That's the Newtype theory once proposed by Zeon Deikun. He spoke of the reformation of all of humanity, of infinite possibilities, of "power" itself.

(34:03)
Damn it!
Garancieres! Enemy sighted!
Londo Bell is about to surround the colony!

Since its victory in the One Year War, the Federation has lived in fear of this unseen power.
The power that screams "J'accuse" at the privileged class that lives on Earth.
The power that calls all the abandoned Spacenoids to awaken.

What?!

A power that could overthrow the control of the Federation government whose rule has lasted nearly a hundred years.

Damn you to hell! Space belongs to the Spacenoids!

The Federation has been absorbed for decades now in a battle against this invisible "Power" .

D-Damn you all...! All of you dogs whose souls are still bound to the Earth!
Long live Neo Zeon!

Marida, what in the hell was that?

Gilboa, have you heard from the Captain?

We lost the connection. The Minovsky particles are getting denser!

Should we engage inside the colony?

The enemy has surrounded the colony.
Our only option is to cut straight through, find the Captain, and get the hell out of here.

Roger that.

While it's true that government research facilities were created, they were like laboratories of mad scientists who deviated from the original
ideologies, and rather chose to focus on the military applications of the Newtypes.
Then came the civil conflict known as the Grypse War, and after that, both Neo Zeon Wars.
The ensuing oppression led to the rise of military factions
and the Federation suffered greatly for this.
However, they did have a strong ally that ultimately secured their victory.
Do you know what it is I'm referring to?

Would that be time?

Indeed.

(36:50)
The public grew impatient and sought results from these "Newtypes" which at this point still had no specific definition, only potential.
The term "Newtype" eventually came to be synonymous with "ace pilot",
a new definition completely removed from Zeon Deikun's concept of understanding without misconceptions.

So, what do you think that is?

Back there, what's that?

Laplace's Box holds the power to change our future.
Or more to the point, it has the power to restore the future that was meant to be.
However, not all men are able to wield this power.
But be warned: if the power were to be misused, it could destroy the world.

So you're giving us this key as a test, to start?

If, for instance, you're small-minded enough that you focus only on a single thing, the Box will never reveal its contents to you.

That one thing being?

The revival of Zeon.

(38:25)
It's Londo Bell. Combat has already broken out inside the colony, sir.

Has the military informed us?

Are you saying we've been caught in a trap?
That's what it sounds like.

Not at all.
In fact, I'd say you were followed here, but neither of us can prove that.

We'll be taking her back now.

It was always my intention to return her when the time was right.
She's safe in my mansion.

It's difficult for one man to trust another now.
It's an unfortunate state of things.

I feel the same way, Captain.

Get everyone out of here!

Get off my back!
So heavy!
I'll shut you down!

Hurry!
Ohwah...

There are holes in the colony.

Guys, isn't that around where the school is?

This is war.
This is the beginning of a war.

A war...

Audrey!

Where are you going?

H-Hey!

C'mon!

(41:17)
Ah, sir.

It's a shame.
The Federation will break a one hundred year old alliance to take everything away from us.
Then again, we were the ones who sought to jeopardize it first.
Gael, do not let the Federation have it!

(42:20)
Hey, open the doors!
What's going on?!

Hey, open the doors!

H-Hey, Banagher...

Hey, Micott, you're not hurt, are you?
What about the othe--

Esther, Marco, Dennis, Tom...

Micott!

Where are they?!

Takuya, take care of Micott.

Where are you going?

There's someone I have to rescue.

Did you recognize that mobile suit that just tore through here?

It looked like a Zeta-type transformable suit.
I think it's from the Federation.

Then its mothership should be at the Snail.
You have to get there.
It can protect you.

Don't go!
You can't leave me here.
Please don't leave me!
Banagher!

(43:56)
They appear to be special forces.
Which means the command module has probably...

In that case, we'll have to erase the program ourselves.
And then, the Unicorn.

You have to go ahead, sir!

(44:50)
But why... why would they do this?
Alberto, you did this?!

Don't shoot the kid.
Have you been able to get in touch with Marida?

Did Martha put you up to this?
You're assuming you've used the military, but the ones really being used...

Alberto...

(45:53)
Princess...

Marida.

Hello, Audrey.

Haro!

Banagher?

A civilian?!
Hey, turn back!

Hey, it's you.

You know her?

N-No.

Unreal...

We're saved.
It's a Federation mobile suit.
It's an RGZ-95.
A ReZEL, Micott!
Hey, we're students at the Industrial College.
They blew holes in the colony, so we escaped.
Can you help us?

(47:37)
Audrey.
What's this?

Gael?
You made it.
It's you.

Where is she?
Where's Audrey?

Don't worry about her.
This isn't her first time cheating death and won't be her last.

You didn't leave her behind!?
You were planning on escaping in this mobile suit, weren't you?!

Even if I did, I wouldn't survive.

What the hell's wrong with you?
You act like you're so superior, but you can't do anything!
Audrey came to you trying to stop this war from breaking out, and you had the power to do that, didn't you?
Those people... they had plans for tomorrow... for next week... they had a future!
They weren't supposed to die like this!
I lost my mother, but it was different.
This isn't the way people are supposed to die.
It's wrong...

That should be treated with dignity.
We're supposed to respect one another's lives.
But once we grow out of childhood, though we know better, we still cause meaningless bloodshed.
We've done it to the Earth this well.
We devoured the resources then sought out new frontiers to exploit in space.
Humanity grew out of control and must endeavor to regain its dignity.
We must revive the hope that was born one hundred years ago.

Through the potential that lies within, we will demonstrate the true power and compassion of humanity.

To transcend what is immediate and realize our god-like potential, the greatness within us that is, possible.
You've come this far, but are you confident that your conviction will not waver?
The weight of the burden she has to bear is immense.
You'll need the resolve to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders if you go with her.
Do you have it?

I don't have that resolve, no.
All I know is I need her to need me.

Very well, then you'll need this...

I've programmed it to respond to you and you alone.
If you can prove yourself to be a suitable pilot, the Unicorn will grant you powers unrivaled.
And then show you the path to Laplace's Box.

What's Laplace's Box?

It's a dark curse that has sentenced the Vist family to serve as its guardian for a hundred years.
But if used properly, it can bring light to this Universal Century.

What is it?

Anna... your mother didn't want to see you fall victim to this curse, so she took you from me.
She must hate me... as I'm sure you do as well.
But you must go!
Fear not!
If you trust in the possibility that lies within and try with all your might, the path will show itself to you.

It's selfish.
You can't say all that to me now.

Please forgive me.
I wanted more...so much...
Banagher...
My wish has finally come true, Anna...

Father!

Father?
Did I...
Was he...
My...

To my only desire...
The beast of possibility...
The symbol of hope...

Father...
Mother, I'm sorry.
I must... I must go!

(53:06)
Audrey.

Banagher!

Princess!

Funnels!

Go! Get the hell out of my way!

He's open!

Ah..Wahhh...

Gundam.

(Fin)
Please feel free to add or correct it.
