
  Narrator: It is the year 0079 of the Universal Century. A half century has passed since Earth began moving its burgeoning population into gigantic orbiting space colonies. A new home for mankind. Where people are born and raised... and die. Nine months ago, the cluster of colonies furthest from the earth called Side 3 proclaimed itself the Principality of Zeon and launched a war of independence against the Earth Federation. Initial fighting lasted over one month and saw both sides lose half their respective populations. People were horrified by the indescribable atrocities that had been committed in the name of independence. Eight months had passed since the rebellion began. They were at a stalemate.

[Footage of Colony being attacked, fight between Zeon and Federation forces, colony crashing into Earth]



Destroy Gundam!



[Missiles head towards Side 7 and are shot at by the Federation soldiers.]

Gunner: I don't care if we have to use civilians, we need all the help we can get! Oh no! Look out!

[A missile kills him. Another soldier blocks up the hole in White Base.]

Lady: Help me by my baby!

Soldier: Come back! You get on board White Base!

Lady: My baby!


Fraw: Hang on tight! Hurry! Ah!

[An explosion hits behind them, but Amuro shields it from hurting anyone with Gundam.]

Amuro: Fraw Bow, get on board!

Katz: It's a Mobile Suit!

Fraw: Amuro, is that you inside that Mobile Suit?

Amuro: Get everyone out of here, the colony is losing air.

Fraw: Right.

[Meanwhile, at another missile launcher...]

Paolo: Huh?

Ryu: Captain, I'll take over here. You should get back to the ship at once!

Paolo: You're only a cadet, and I need someone who can fire this thing.

Ryu: I can do it, sir.

Paolo: Get on it then.

[An explosion hits, lodging a projectile in Paolo.]

Ryu: Oh no, Captain!

Paolo: Are you alright?

Ryu: Yes sir!

[On the Musai...]

Char: You followed my orders, and you followed Denim's so you have nothing to worry about. Your discipline is admirable.

Slender: Sir. Thank you, I did my best sir.

Char: But it's hard to believe that the Federation could build a Mobile Suit like the one described in your report, Mr. Slender.

Slender: Yes, it's hard to believe sir but I saw it myself.

Char: Hmm, Dren.

Dren: Sir.

Char: Open a secure communication channel. Contact Vice Admiral Dozle immediately.

Dren: Sir.

[On White Base...]

Fraw: You'll be safe here on the ship kids, so try to be still here, good ok?

Sayla: Is anyone here? You down there, quick come with me. I assume you can tie bandages, right?

Fraw: Sure. Don't go anywhere. I promise to look for your mothers later.

Sayla: Over there.

Fraw: Right.

[She enters the room with the injured.]

Fraw: Excuse me.

Ryu: Oh, we need your help over here. Clean up that wound and get some sutcher tape on it, okay?

Fraw: Right.

Paolo: Are you certain the Zeon ship has ceased fire and won't attempt another attack?

Soldier: Yes sir.

Paolo: Very well then, you have my permission to return.

Bright: Captain! What's wrong? Oh no, Captain...

Paolo: Virtually all defense personnel have been wiped out by the Zeon attack Mr. Bright. Tell me how things are on your end.

Bright: I regret to report that every soldier and engineer on Side 7 is gone. All destroyed by only 2 Zakus. Of the survivors, only 10 men are combat ready so it's looking bleak sir.

Paolo: I want you to get all Gundam components on board at once.

Bright: Sir? Fortunately we have someone piloting a Gundam at this very moment. He's transferring the Guncannon and Guntank on board right now.

Paolo: And do you know who the pilot is?

Bright: I haven't been able to confirm that yet.

Paolo: Once he's finished, move White Base out as far from Side 7 as possible.

Bright: Sir. But who will be piloting White Base?

Paolo: The computer can take us out.

Bright: Yes Captain, but...

Mirai: Excuse me. It's not the same but I am licensed to operate cruiser class space gliders if you think it'll help.

Paolo: And you are...?

Mirai: My name is Mirai Yashima, sir.

Paolo: Oh yes, the Yashima family.

[On the Musai...]

Dozle: We were all set last night to celebrate the successful completion of your mission. But I never expected you to be a no show for a party where you where the intended guest of honor, Commander Char.

Char: Looks like we've uncovered the Federation's V Project Admiral. Does this interest you?

Dozle: What? The V Project?

Char: Yes, they built their own Mobile Suit. We've also identified a new Federation Command ship that appears to be battle ready.

Dozle: (laughs) Char, the Red Comet strikes again. So, what else?

Char: As we returned to port, we exhausted our supplies of missiles and ammunition.

Dozle: You'll need resupplies then. Done.

Char: Good. Thank you, sir. We'll also need 3 more Zakus.

Dozle: You mean to tell me that you lost 3 Zaku Mobile Suits?

Char: Yes. 2 were lost to a single Federation Mobile Suit which took them out easily Admiral. It's unbelievable.

Dozle: Alright you'll get your Zakus. I want all the details you can get on this V Project. Capture that Mobile Suit while you're at it.

Char: Sir!

Dozle: Good.

Char: Ensign, I'm gonna need 3 re-con scouts assembled right now.

Dren: Sir, aren't we gonna wait for the supply ship before we re-mobilize?

Char: In war, to keep the upper hand, you have to think 2 or 3 moves ahead of the enemy. Slender escaped from Side 7. We'll do the same, however we're gonna do it in reverse.

[The 4 of them head out. On White Base, Paolo is brought to the Bridge.]

Paolo: What? Who did you say is in there?

Bright: Amuro.

Paolo: Never heard of him.

Bright: He must be one of the pilots from Side 7 who was testing the Gundam sir.

Paolo: You can contact the Gundam, use the left panel to talk to the pilot.

Bright: Sir.

Paolo: I want you to instruct the Gundam to cover White Base when it leaves port.

Bright: Where's the channel control?

Paolo: There, on the right console. Uh... So, how goes it, Ms. Mirai, any progress?

Mirai: I understand the direction system but I'm a bit confused by the power supply.

Paolo: We may find trained personnel if we can dig up any more survivors in that mess out there.

Bright: What?

Paolo: Huh?

Bright: That's Amuro in the Gundam cockpit?

Paolo: Bright, what's the problem?

Bright: It's a kid, there's some kid in the cockpit of the Gundam, sir.

Paolo: But... how?

Mirai: That's Amuro?

Bright: Take a look for yourself sir, there's a young child in the Gundam. And he's no pilot.

Paolo: But this doesn't make any sense, how can a kid possibly operate the Gundam?

Mirai: Well he's doing it.

Paolo: Do you know him?

Mirai: Well not really sir, but everybody on Side 7 knows he's this incredible techno freak.

Paolo: This kid took on two Zeon Zakus and managed to destroy them?

Amuro: It was the Gundam's abilities that brought them down, not me.

Bright: Why are you operating it?!

Amuro: I don't know who you are, but your voice sounds familiar. Didn't you order me to load the Gundam materials?

Bright: I'll remove him Captain.

Paolo: But do we have another pilot?

[Meanwhile...]

Sayla: You take the residential block.

Fraw: Right.

[They make it outside, where Ryu's helping someone out.]

Ryu: Come on sir, just a few more steps, see? Hey, what are you doing?

Sayla: The Captain ordered us to search for anyone who might have been left behind.

[A boy runs through the door.]

Fraw: Hey, are there any other people left?

Kai: Come on, how should I know? I hid out during the commotion and barely made it out here myself. You guys coming?

[Sayla slaps him.]

Kai: Hey, that hurt.

Sayla: You were hiding out?! But you could have been helping people.

Kai: What's your problem?

Sayla: Cowards like you who are only looking out for themselves should be left here on Side 7.

Kai: Who died and made you princess? You're name's Sayla, isn't it? You're no different than me.

Sayla: How dare you. While you were hiding, we were doing the best we could to help others. Let's go Fraw.

Fraw: Right.

[They leave.]

Ryu: Hey, give us a hand.

Kai: Right.

[Meanwhile, outside the colony the Zeons set off a light to signal the Musai.]

Dren: Activate engines and maintain 3 percent power. Then ready and hold mega particle cannons on standby and proceed to target the Side 7 main space gate. But do your best to avoid any direct hits on the docking bay.

[They fire at Side 7.]

Char: Good job Ensign. Mr. Slender?

Slender: Sir. It seems we can enter through this maintenance airlock.

Char: Good. Do it.

[On White Base...]

Mirai: Looks like another attack.

Bright: Amuro must be dealt with, but we need to use Gundam to hold them off.

Paolo: Operator, what's attacking us?

Marker: Sir, it appears to be Musai class approaching very quickly. 40 degrees port stern.

Paolo: Destroy the Gundam components so they don't fall into the hands of the enemy Mr. Bright. And I want you to issue a beam rifle to the Gundam.

Bright: Huh?

Paolo: It's true that Amuro is very young, we've had teenage soldier before and right now we have no choice.

Bright: Aye aye Captain. Amuro, you are to destroy all remaining Gundam materials on Side 7. Do you understand?

Amuro: But why do that? We can make more.

Bright: Would you rather the enemy get a hold of our secrets?

Marker: It's strange, but the Musai is moving back.

Bright: Moving back? Any ideas what to do?

Amuro: Yes. I'm thinking we can possibly use that napalm thing.

Bright: Captain?

Paolo: Very good Amuro, an excellent choice. Let's leave it to him, shall we?

[Fraw rides around the city.]

Fraw: Everyone is to board the ship. Is there anyone here?

[She flashes back.]

Fraw: I'm going to Amuro's.

Fraw's Mother: Okay, be back for dinner.

Fraw: If anyone's here, please answer.

Sayla: Are there any survivors, is anyone here? Looks like there's no one left. Huh?

[She sees Char nearby and gets a gun out of the glovebox.]



Commercial Break



[Sayla sneaks up on Char, examining some wreckage.

Sayla: Don't move, drop it now.

Char: You're brave, but you don't look like much of a soldier to me.

Sayla: Move and I'll shoot.

Char: She looks just like...

Sayla: Take off the helmet, very slowly. And face the other way.

[Char takes it off. Sayla is shocked, allowing Char to kick the gun out of her hand.]

Sayla: Ah!

Char: She can't be. She's much, much too strong to be Artesia.

[Amuro arrives in Gundam.]

Amuro: A Zeon soldier!

[Char puts on his helmet and escapes.]

Sayla: Was that my brother?

Amuro: I'm gonna use the super napalm. Climb into my hand. We've gotta destroy all Mobile Suit material and then head back.

Bright: Amuro, you sure it was a Zeon soldier?

Amuro: I'm sure. Now please, lie down in the hand. Are you alright?

Sayla: Yes.

[Amuro shoots, setting the stuff aflame. They open the hatch to head up, and Char flies through.]

Amuro: Mr Bright! The Zeon soldier just entered the port!

Bright: What do we do?

Paolo: I want you to close all hatches on White Base now. Issue a gun to anyone! Ugh!

Bright: All hands move it! Spread out in teams and destroy the Zeon soldier approaching the bow.

Char: Members of the scouting party, retreat at once.

[Char heads through the port, being shot at.

Bright: Launch immediately.

[Bright manages to shoots Char's camera.]

Char: Oh no.

[Char uses grenades to escape from Side 7.]

Char: The enemy's right behind me.

Slender: Sir!

[They escape. Amuro is out in Gundam, and tries to aim.]

Amuro: I'll fire, I'll fire, I'll fire!

[He does.]

Char: Stay cool, one wrong move and that's it. He's attempting to zero in on us, but we're small and hard to target. Musai, can you still read me? It's Char.

Tech Guy: This is Musai, still receiving your transmission.

Char: The enemy is moving out. Use the laser line and deploy Zakus for Slender and myself from the first arsenal.

Tech Guy: Roger.

Dren: Prepare the 2 Zakus. Set course at RD23.5

[The Zakus are sent out.]

[On White Base...]

Mirai: Gate sensors 360 degrees and fully operational.

Bright: You're too tense, stay calm. The computer is monitoring the area, it will pick up any problems.

Mirai: Yes sir.

Bright: Amuro! And Gundam!

Amuro: Right here.

Bright: You're too far from White Base. Stay within 10 kilometers of the starboard size.

Amuro: Ok.

Bright: Check that each station is air tight. Can you do that for me please?

Fraw: Sure.

Bright: Operators, our helmsman is a rookie, so you'll have to be ready to give quick responses to orders.

Oscar: Well, of course we'll certainly do our best, Mr. Bright.

Bright: Thank you.

Injured Guy1: Now take a look on the right and find the engine thrust gage and check it.

Sayla: Right, I see it.

Injured Guy1: But keep it out of the red zone.

Injured Guy2: Missile stores are showed on the indicator to...

Hayato: I know, this one here, right?

Injured Guy2: Hey, you catch on quickly.

Bright: All sectors stand by for battle and await orders. Screen!

Mirai: Departing from the docking bay.

Bright: Mmm-hmm.

[White Base leaves Side 7.]

Bright: Increase engine power! To maximum! Hard to starboard!

Ryu: Mr. Bright, Core Fighter is ready on standby.

Bright: Ryu, can you handle it?

Ryu: Of course I can sir, I'm a pilot cadet.

Bright: Well, that's better than nothing I suppose. Flight experience?

Ryu: 2 simulations sir.

Bright: Hmm. Well, if anything that's more than Amuro's got.

Marker: Sir, intense heat sources approaching.

Bright: Missiles?

Marker: Large missiles sir. Turned 12 degrees to port and 8 degrees down.

Bright: Mirai!

Mirai: Aye sir!

Bright: Too late!

Amuro: I got them. Should I shoot them?

Bright: Do it!

Ryu: I'm launching now.

Amuro: Piece of cake.

[Amuro shoots one of the missiles, then the other.]

Amuro: Hit it!

Marker: There are 2 more objects approaching the ship Mr. Bright.

Bright: What are they?

Marker: My guess is they're Mobile Suits.

Bright: Zakus?

Oscar: Yes, but there are no Zakus I know of that are capable of moving this quickly. One of them is approaching us at 3 times normal speed.

Paolo: It's Char. It must be the Red Comet.

Bright: What? What was that captain? What? He said it's Char, the Red Comet.

Paolo: Char managed to take out 5 of our battleships single handedly at the Battle of Loom. Get us out of here!

[Char arrives.]

Char: Let's just see. Let's test the reaction time of your brand new Mobile Suit.

Amuro: I keep thinking about the humans inside these machines. But I know I can handle this.

Bright: No, Amuro! You're not ready!

Amuro: Watch me! I'll stop you!

[He misses.]

Amuro: Ah!

[Char hits the Gundam.]

Char: How's that? Impossible! That was a direct hit!

Amuro: I see... so this is, this is what war is!

[He keeps missing.]

Amuro: No! Ah!

Char: What speed, that Mobile Suit is amazing. Are you there? Slender, get behind him, quickly.

Slender: Commander, what is that weapon? I've never seen a gun like that in my life.

Char: Who cares as long as the pilot doesn't hit us. Just cover me.

[Slender shoots at the Gundam.]

Bright: The Core Fighter's going to give you support, but don't deplete the beam rifle's energy.

Amuro: Thanks, but you don't have to worry about that. Ah!

[He almost hits Char.]

Ryu: Behind you, fly up!

[Ryu shoots at Char in the Core Fighter.]

Amuro: The Core Fighter! I got ya!

[Amuro shoots down Slender's Zaku.]

Char: Slender!? A Zaku suit destroyed with only one shot!? But how could this happen, how could a Zaku be defeated like that? That Mobile Suit would have to be carrying a beam cannon as big as a battleship's!

Amuro: I got a Zaku, in just one shot!

Char: I'll pay you back for this. Just a new model and nothing to worried about. Ugh!

Amuro: Something's wrong with the beam energy... I... I used it all up.

[Char retreats.]

Char: I can't match that firepower.]

Sayla: Gundam has returned to the ship.

Bright: Once they're secured, have Ryu and Amuro report to the bridge at once.

Sayla: Sir.

Bright: Set a course for Luna 2 and inform all personnel to remain at their stations. And set up a schedule so we can all get some rest.

[They come in.]

Kai: Here they come.

Ryu: Well, Mr. Bright, status on the enemy?

Bright: They haven't moved, and knowing Char, they will come after us.

Fraw: Amuro!

Bright: Well. When you were fighting, you were like too much of a machine. You have to use your brains a little more next time you fight.

Amuro: What? I...

Bright: Now listen to me Amuro, as long as you can work the Gundam you're a pilot, not a kid anymore. Your duty now is to protect the ship.

Amuro : I...

Bright: You're on a Federation ship which means you work for us and obey my orders. Don't like it, then go back to Side 7.

Fraw: That's enough, Mr. Bright.

Amuro: I tried my best! I.. Well, I had to do it, didn't I? You don't have to be such a...

Bright: Right. Feel free to hate me, I don't care. I'm putting you in charge of supervising Gundam's maintenance. You alone are responsible for the Mobile Suit now. Is that understood?

Narrator: Luna 2, an asteroid brought into Lunar orbit to provide construction materials for the colonies, now a frontline base for Federation forces.



Preview:
As Char's ship waits for supplies Gundam and the Core Fighter use the opportunity to launch a surprise attack. But Char, the Red Comet, always seems to have one more ace up his sleeve. Mobile Suit Gundam. Next episode:

Vote to Attack

Who will survive?


