



Escape



[The Gundam and the Zeong battle]

Char: Hmm. That Gundam.

Amuro: Look out!

Char: Huh? Who's that?

[On White Base]

Bright: Concentrate fire to starboard. Fraw Bow, update on the Guncannon and Guntank.

Fraw: They're still active. Approaching the entrance to the enemy base.

Kai: Fighting out here isn't gonna crack this base open.

Hayato: No way. You don't get all the credit, Kai.

[The GMS advance past Kai.]

Kai: Get back! I was the first one who landed here, you morons.

[They get destroyed.]

Kai: I warned you.

[The Gundam destroys one of the Zeong's hands.]

Char: Gundam.

Amuro: You can't attack from all directions when I'm this close. Hey, Char?

Char: What was that?

Amuro: Why did you get Lalah involved, Char? You know she wasn't meant to be a warrior.

[The Zeong destroys part of the Gundam's shield.]

Amuro: Char!

[The Zeong destroys all of Gundam's shield along with its arm. The Gundam destroys the other hand.]

Soldier: Hey! Snap to it! Look alive!

Soldier2: The Mobile Suit forces can take over from here!

Char: How can I beat that Gundam pilot? Amuro, was it? There's gotta be a way for me to beat that Newtype. Huh?

[He sees the Gundam coming.]

Char: Lalah, please show me how. How can I defeat him?

[On White Base…]

Bright: Shut down the engines immediately! Cut off the engines now, Mirai!

Mirai: Yes, sir!

[One engine gets destroyed.]

Mirai: We have to touch down.

Bright: Your call. Tell all hands to prepare for hand to hand combat.

Marker: Sir!

Mirai: Controls are malfunctioning!

Bright: Watch your surroundings. We don't know where the enemy might show up.

[A Rick Dom destroys the other engine.]

Kai: Ahh. Looks like the White Base engines are blown.

Hayato: Oh no. Is everyone on board okay?

Bright: Tell Kai and Hayato to back us up.

Fraw: Right away.

Bright: Fraw, get a sidearm.

Fraw: Yes, sir.

Amuro: That Char. Where is he?

[The Gundam fires straight through the Zeong but the head ejects.]

Amuro: That wasn't it?

Char: Gundam.

[He fires the head off the Gundam.]

Amuro: Ahhh. Got me.

[The head escapes.]

Amuro: It's not over. I've only lost the main camera, that's all.

[On A Baoa Qu…]

Soldier: The Zeong's been shot down. IFF signal detected.

Kycilia: He no longer lives up to the name of the Red Comet.

Soldier: N field no response.

Soldier2: S field no response. What? Missiles.

Soldier: Send Anibal out to the Flight 24 W field. Sneakel. Sneakel.

Kycilia: If the Gundam pilot is a Newtype and he's developed so exceptionally. Then perhaps this is inevitable. Don't you think?

Twanning: Yes, your excellency.

Kycilia: Twanning, surrender this base 15 minutes after I've gone.

Twanning: But, your excellency.

Kycilia: I have to go while there's still battle strength left at the homeland.

Twanning: Escaping at this point would be almost impossible, ma'am.

Kycilia: As long as I live, Zeon survives.

Twanning: What will happen to me after we surrender?

Kycilia: When we exchange prisoners, I'll get you first.

Twanning: Yes.

Kycilia: Get my ship ready.

Twanning: Right away, ma'am.

[The Guncannon and Guntank defend the downed White Base.]

Kai: Great. This place is crawling with the enemy.

Bright: Prepare for enemy ground troops now. All hands counter with bazookas and rifles.

[The Gundam continues its fight with the Zeong head.]

Amuro: It's so obvious even Char's gotta know. The Zabi family's gotta be brought down and pushed from power. Why's he getting in our way? He's here. I know it.

[Amuro jumps out of the Gundam. It walks by itself and the Zeong and Gundam destroy each other.]

Amuro: I'm convinced that I have grown and now have the ability to defeat the true enemy. The Zabi leader's here. I can sense it.

Char: You might've receive such powers from Lalah. I hope you're grateful.

Amuro: You're the monster that brought Lalah into the war!

Char: I see. You're angry at me for getting her involved. That's misguided.

Amuro: What?

Char: If there hadn't been a war, Lalah never wouldn't have awakened to her Newtype potentials.

Amuro: That's a lame excuse.

Char: No, it's the cold hard truth.

Amuro: Come any closer and I'll use this.

Char: Newtypes like yourself are much too dangerous to have around. I'm afraid I'm going to have to get rid of you now.

[They shoot at each other. Meanwhile, one of the Guntank's caterpillar treads is blown apart.]

Hayato: Ahhh!

[The Guntank gets blown in half. Hayato jumps out.]

Kai: Hayato, how are you gonna cover the White Base now.

[One of the Guncannon's legs gets blown apart.]

Kai: Time for hand-to-hand combat.

Sayla jumps out of her G-Fighter.

Sayla: Where is everyone?

[She senses someone.]

Sayla: Casval.

Soldier: The enemy's got this place totally surrounded.

Soldier2: One Zanzibar isn't gonna hold out too long. You can't be serious. We'll be destroyed for sure. Send us an escort even if they're just Zakus.

Kycilia: Is there a delay?

Soldier: I apologize.

Kycilia: Make them hurry. Don't let the other soldiers figure out that we're escaping.

Soldier3: The squadron commander's in trouble in Block 24.

Soldier4: They've started ground combat?

Sayla: Up ahead.

Char: You're the strongest soldier. That's why I must eliminate you.

Amuro: Isn't your true enemy the Zabi family?

Char: Not in my case.

[They start fencing.]

Char: Do you have any idea why I lured you here?

Amuro: Because you figured that a Newtype is physically just the same as an ordinary person.

Char: Right. When it comes to physical skills, even Newtypes have to be trained to develop that.

Amuro: In theory, that is.

Sayla: Amuro, Casval, please don't, I beg you to stop. The two of you don't have to fight each other. Just because there's a war going you don't have to.

[Amuro breaks through Char's helmet while Char punctures Amuro's arm.]

Sayla: What's that?

Amuro: Lalah told me that Newtypes aren't meant to be used as human tools for destroying each other.

Char: A Newtype is a powerful weapon in battle. That's just the way it is.

Amuro: But you're a Newtype yourself.

Sayla: Stop this! Both of you!

[An explosion knocks all three of them into the wall.]

Sayla: Amuro, are you alright?

Char: Artesia.

Sayla: Please, Casval. Stop this. You haven't had any reason to hate Amuro.

Char: Not true. When someone's too dangerous as an enemy, I have to get them when I have the opportunity.

Sayla: I thought your enemy was the Zabi family.

Char: Destroying that family is no longer a top priority of mine, Artesia. Once Zeon is no more, we will enter the age of Newtypes. If Amuro can let go and understand what it is I'm trying to say, then fight along beside me. Lalah would be so happy.

Amuro: What's that?

Sayla: How could you suggest that?

[Another explosion pushes them. Char saves Sayla being knocked into the fire.]

Sayla: Just look at you. Your forehead looks wounded.

Char: I'm fine but if it weren't for this helmet, I wouldn't be alive.



Commercial Break



[Amuro painfully tries to remove the broken piece out of his arm. Blood splatters all over. He puts a bandage on.]

Soldier: I knew Lady Kycilia would be escaping. I had wanted to escort her myself but I got hit, sir. Perhaps you could...

Char: Try not to move. Don't worry about a thing. I'll protect her Excellency on your behalf.

Soldier: You're too kind, Captain Char. The rumors of burns on your face were not true.

[He dies.]

Char: The air in here has gotten pretty thin. You better get out while you can.

Sayla: But what will happen to you, Casval?

Char: I realize that I can't let the Zabi family off. I'm gonna make them pay.

Sayla: But, Casval.

Char: You're a good woman. You should forget about this war. Take care of yourself, alright, Artesia? Amuro is calling for you now.

Sayla: Amuro is?

Char flies away.

Char: Where's Lady Kycilia?

Soldier: She's just about to take off, Captain.

Pilot: Salamis approaching from above. We'll take off at once.

Soldier: On the floor if you don't have a seat.

Pilot: 10,9...

Char: Garma, I'm sending your sister to join you. Consider this my farewell present.

Kycilia: Is that Char? Huh?

[Char fires the bazooka through the cockpit blowing off Kycilia's head also killing the other inside.]

Amuro: I'm trapped.

Sayla: I can't return to the others anymore and if I did...if I didn't make it... my brother couldn't have... my brother couldn't

[Amuro nearly gets hit by an explosion.]

Amuro: I can't believe it. Is this the end for me?

[He finds the remains of the Gundam.]

Amuro: There. That's my way out.

[He blows off the upper half of the Gundam revealing the Core Fighter.]

Amuro: But the others. What-what happened to the White Base crew? What happened to Sayla? What now? Am I going to join Lalah?

Lalah: Newtypes shouldn't be destroying each other.

Amuro: Yeah, you're right. What should I do?

Lalah: I can play with you anytime, Amuro.

Amuro: Lalah.

Lalah: You already knew that, didn't you?

Amuro: I can see them. The crew.

[He has visions of them fighting hand-to-hand.]

Lalah: Look. You have the ability to see things, Amuro.

Amuro: Hey! Stand up, Sayla! Hey! Get up now! Sayla!

Sayla: Amuro, is that you? How could I get out of here when I don't even know where I am? I should go straight ahead?

Amuro: That's right. And after you've gone 500 meters, make a 90 degree left turn.

Sayla: After 500 meters? Ahh!

[She shoots a Zeon soldier.]

Bright: Seal off hatch #16.

Mirai: Sir!

Bright: Huh? Is that Amuro? Huh? Our only hope right now is to abandon ship?

Mirai: Seal off the hatch, Howard, we don't have any allies over there.

Howard: Right.

Mirai: Amuro. Yes, you're right. I'll have them prepare to launch as soon as possible.

Fraw: Amuro?

Amuro: My dear Fraw, the next time the firing stops, you can run through safely.

Fraw: Amuro, it's you. Where are you?

Amuro: Go to where the escape craft are, got it?

Fraw: Uh-huh. When I start running then run as fast as you can.

Kika, Katz, Letz: Uh-huh.

[The firing stops and they run through.]

Kai: They're all aiming at the White Base.

Hayato: Cuz it's the biggest target for 'em. Huh? Did you hear that?

Kai: Sure did. It's Amuro.

Hayato: He said we should retreat now.

Kai: Sounds good to me.

Hayato: The Federation Forces are winning.

Kai: Well, if they're winning then there's really no point in hanging around.

Hayato: Come on.

[Sayla sees the White Base.]

Sayla: The White Base is right there.

Kai: Hurry up, Sayla! Over here!

Mirai: Sayla!

[They grab her.]

Sayla: Kai.

Bright: Right. It looks good. Let's take them out.

Job John: Roger.

[The escape craft lifts off.]

Kai: The White Base is exploding.

Hayato: Our ship's going down. No way.

[The White Base blows up.]

Bright: If Amuro hadn't called out to us, every one of us on the White Base would've been finished.

Sayla: Do you... do you mean that Amuro isn't here with us? Isn't he, Bright?

Bright: No, he is not. I guess you and Mirai would be able to hear Amuro better than me.

Sayla: What?

Bright: Sayla, you're the daughter of Zeon. I'm sure you're the closest here to a Newtype. Search for Amuro, on our behalf.

Sayla: But, Bright, how do I do it? How, how do I search for him?

Hayato: But he's the only one missing. Where is Amuro?

Fraw: How could I possibly know that?

Letz: We heard Amuro's voice a little while ago, right?

Kika: Yeah.

Sayla: I could hear him so clearly until I got to the ship but not since then. Amuro.

[A Baoa Qu continues to explode.]

Sayla: There's no... there's no way someone could be all-knowing, is there?

[She cries.]

Kika: Yeah, a little right.

Fraw: Kika.

Letz: Yeah, right.

Katz: Okay, now straight forward.

Fraw: What's gotten into the three of you?

Letz: Yeah, this way, this way. Just do it.

Katz: This way. It's okay.

Kika: You're almost outside.

Sayla: Amuro?

Mirai: Can you tell? But where is he?

Kika: Ready?

Kika, Katz, Letz: 3,2,1,0.

[The Core Fighter emerges from the explosions.]

Kika, Katz, Letz: All right!

Fraw: Amuro!

Amuro: Where is everyone?

[Hayato signals to Amuro their location. They are glad to see him alive.]

Amuro: Sorry, Lalah. I-I still do have a place to go home to. And nothing could make me happier. I'm sure you understand. We can be together any time we want, Lalah.

[Amuro jumps out of the Core Fighter. He sees Mirai's face, Sayla and Kai's faces, Fraw and Kika and Katz and Letz and Haro and Hayato's faces. He finally reaches the escape craft.]

Narrator: Universal Century 0080. As the sounds of battle begin to fade away, the Earth Federation Government and the Republic of Zeon sign an armistice, signifying the end to the brutal war. An new dawn brings with it the promise of peace for all mankind, for now.
  