
  Narrator: It is the year 0079 of the Universal Century. A half century has passed since Earth began moving its burgeoning population into gigantic orbiting space colonies. A new home for mankind. Where people are born and raised... and die. Nine months ago, the cluster of colonies furthest from the earth called Side 3 proclaimed itself the Principality of Zeon and launched a war of independence against the Earth Federation. Initial fighting lasted over one month and saw both sides lose half their respective populations. People were horrified by the indescribable atrocities that had been committed in the name of independence. Eight months had passed since the rebellion began. They were at a stalemate.

[Footage of Colony being attacked, fight between Zeon and Federation forces, colony crashing into Earth]



Fly, Gundam!



[White Base heads through an ruined city.]

Fraw: Good morning unit 3, your meals are ready. Oh yeah, Amuro's got to eat too. Amuro, it's time to eat! Amuro?

Haro: It's time to eat, Amuro. It's time to eat, Amuro.

[She heads in Amuro's room. Amuro lays on the bed.]

Fraw: Hey, what's wrong?

Amuro: Nothing's wrong Fraw Bow.

Fraw: You have a fever?

Amuro: I'm fine.

Fraw: I guess you're probably just too tired to eat, huh?

Amuro: I haven't slept much since we left home. Even when I have the time I can't seem to sleep. When I close my eyes, all I see are the battles I've been fighting.

Fraw: Do you want me to talk to Sayla for you, Amuro? She was a 3rd year medical student on Side 7.

Amuro: Quit bugging me!

Fraw: Cut it out Amuro, this isn't like you!

Amuro: Well it's even less like me to be fighting at all!

Fraw: Most of the adults aren't with us anymore because of this war. We just have to accept the fact that kids like us have to do our parts. When it comes right down to it, the Federation and Zeon are just the same. Stop biting your nails.

Amuro: We're a decoy you know, the Federation's is just using us.

Fraw: Decoy?

Amuro: It's obvious Fraw, the Federation's developing more advanced weapons. We've got to distract the enemy as much as we can until the weapons have been completed. Anyone can see we're just being used as a diversion.

Fraw: It's all just in your head. You really need to get some rest. And you should try to get some food inside of you.

[On the Bridge.]

Reed: No contact yet, Bright?

Sayla: We have a transmission!

Reed: It's probably from general headquarters.

Bright: Good.

Sayla: This is White Base here.

Fed Transmission: This is defense HQ. Switch transmission to Alpha gain.

Sayla: Alpha gain, roger.

[A message comes out.]

Bright: It says that White Base is to break through enemy lines immediately and escape to the open sea. That's all it says here.

Reed: They're not offering to give us any assistance? Can we even to talk to them at HQ about this order?

Sayla: No. Even co-transmissions are risky, so radio communication isn't an option.

Bright: What in the world could Headquarters be thinking?

Reed: They have no idea what happens in battle.

[In the Kitchen.]

Fraw: Mr. Tamura, the meals for the elderly are...

Kai: We can't prove it, but that doesn't mean you're not guilty, so don't act innocent.

Tamura: That's baloney. Think I have time to eat better when I'm busy cooking so much?

Kai: But you have to admit you are looking well fed.

Tamura: Why you...

Kai: Alright then, I'll ask you straight out. Why is it that only Amuro and Ryu get bigger portions?

Tamura: Bright gave us strict orders to treat them like regular pilots. So don't blame me if that upsets you.

Kai: Well they're not the only ones that are fighting.

Tamura: A soldier's ration are adjusted to how active he is.

Fraw: I want you to stop arguing with the poor man Kai. Take it up with Mr. Bright or Lt. Reed if you've got a complaint.

Kai: Yeah, right.

[The kids steal a tomato and run into Amuro walking down the hall.]

Kika: Hi! I have something nice for you.

Amuro: Huh? Thank you.

Kika: Keep up the good work.

Katz: Don't tell anyone else about it, 'kay?

Amuro: Sure. Hmm.

[On the Bridge.]

Reed: I don't know if you're aware of this, Bright, but we're low on ammo. At this rate we won't be able to get through another battle.

Bright: Can't you see I'm trying to figure out how we're supposed to get through this.

Reed: It's not that difficult if all you wanna do is survive.

Bright: Give me a break.

Reed: One thing we could do is abandon White Base.

Bright: What do you mean Lt. Reed?

[In the caf...]

Amuro: I'm sorry Fraw Bow.

Fraw: Don't worry.

Amuro: Huh?

[Amuro sees a man steal food from a kid.]

Amuro: Here, have some of mine.

Old Woman: Oh? Are you sure? Thank you very much, son.

Fraw: Amuro! It's important for you to eat well.

Amuro: Well then, don't make me eat out there!

Fraw: Huh? Amuro...

[Back on the Bridge...]

Bright: What was it all for then? All of our fighting and struggling up to now?

Reed: It wasn't all in vain, Bright, the soldiers here, they've grown more confident in their fighting skills.

Ryu: Mr. Bright, repairs to damaged sectors have been completed sir.

Bright: Where did Hayato and Sayla go?

Ryu: They're on gun maintenance.

Bright: I think it's time to send out a patrol now.

[Amuro is in his room with the tomato.]

Bright: Amuro, I'm sending you out on patrol. Report to the Bridge. What are you doing? Let's go.

[Amuro ignores him and eats the tomato.]

Bright: Amuro?! Hurry up!

Amuro: Why stir things up now by sending out a patrol?

Bright: What?

Amuro: You're always sending me out to fight these stupid battles of yours, Bright, I'm sick of it!

[Amuro turns off the monitor.]

Bright: Amuro...?

Ryu: I think Amuro's exhausted. I beg your pardon sir, but we're relying on him too much. Me and Hayato can go on patrol.

[They head out in 2 Core Fighters.]

Ryu: Let the computer fly it.

Hayato: I know, I'm trying to.

Ryu: Now... set the computers so that the radar tracking system will let you follow my plane.

Hayato: Okay.

Ryu: Hmm? There.

[He spots the Gau. On board...]

Char: Garma! There's no reason why you should go out there.

Garma: Thanks for your concern, but I have to consider about what my elder sister might think. Guys like you who have no family ties wouldn't understand. Prepare for a sortie. What's wrong?

Assistant: Enemy fighters detected sir.

Garma: What!

Char: Garma, don't think about going out there now, come back!

Garma: I'm going to go, and I'll shoot down everyone of them.

Char: Come back, Garma, no!

Hayato: Ryu, why aren't we attacking them? We found the Gau right? So let's just finish them off.

Ryu: Why? Because we need another 6 fighters to attempt such a thing, you blockhead.

[On the Gau's bridge.]

Char: This was from 30 seconds ago. They only sent out 2 planes to investigate so it could mean the Trojan Horse is in a jam.

Garma: You think they're in trouble?

Char: It's the first time they've sent out a patrol. They must have some weakness. Why else would they send out 2 unprotected scouts to check our movement?

Garma: I see. Instead of pocking the small fish, we let them swim merrily along and guide us to the mother ship. Right, pursue the enemy patrol immediately.

[The Core Fighters head back to White Base.]

Reed: Good. Convert those Core Fighters into Guncannon and Guntank and get them back out there.

[That is done.]

Kai: Another day, here in the common.

Hayato: I'll go up, take over here, Ryu.

Ryu: I'm not used to this, help me out.

Hayato: Sure.

[In Amuro's Room.]

Amuro: I thought that out of anybody here maybe you'd understand how I'm feeling.

Fraw: I can't feel all that sorry for you when I hear that even Kai is doing his best to operate Guncannon. They're all fighting bravely out there.

Amuro: Is that right? They'll get sick of it real soon. I'm tired... so tired. I've been through enough, leave me alone!

[Fraw turns on the monitor.]

Sayla: Yes. Fraw Bow?

Fraw: Amuro's not up to it. He doesn't wanna fight.

Bright: What's that!?

Sayla: Bright, don't.

Bright: Amuro, we have an important sortie to carry out now.

Amuro: Can you promise me I'll get some sleep when this fighting is over, Mr. Bright?

Bright: Promise you?!

Fraw: Amuro...

Amuro: I can't seem to control myself anymore.

Fraw: Listen. If you hadn't gone out there and fought the enemy, I wouldn't be alive right now.

Amuro: What about me? I need to take a break. I can't... I'm tired of being scared!

[Dopps head out from the Gau. Guntank lands on the ground.]

Ryu: Nice safe landing, huh? It's all clear Kai!

Kai: Alright. Well well, so we're the only line of defense protecting White Base, huh Mr. Bright?

Sayla: Gundam will be joining you soon. You should have a little more confidence in us, alright Kai?

Kai: Heh heh heh, you always know how to make me feel better.

[Bright comes into Amuro's room.]

Bright: Alright. I demand to know what you think you're doing!

Amuro: I was wondering what it is you're fighting for, Mr. Bright.

Bright: This is not the time to get philosophical on me, Amuro. Stand up this instant!

Amuro: Hey! Why don't you leave me alone! If you're so eager to send Gundam into battle again, why not pilot it yourself?

Bright: What?! I'd do it if I could. I don't need a kid to tell me how I should my job.

Amuro: Yeah well I don't see why I have to do something just because I can.

[Bright punches Amuro in the face.]

Amuro: You shouldn't have hit me!

Fraw: Mr. Bright!

Bright: What's wrong with hitting you? You're a selfish brat. We've been catering to your tantrums and it's going to stop now.

Amuro: I'm not...! I'm not the person you make me out to be.



Commercial Break



[White Base fires at the incoming Dopps.]

Kai: Reinforcements on the left side! Ryu, look!

Ryu: Kai, you got to be careful not to get too far ahead now. Hayato, we're getting low on ammo so don't waste them.

Hayato: I gotcha.

Garma: Hah, hah... Commander Char, I know why the Trojan Horse is in trouble.

Char: Well that's interesting.. what's the problem? Fill me in, Captain Garma.

Garma: It's the Mobile Suit. The 2 land machines are out, but the white one isn't. I don't think they can deploy it. Don't interfere with this, just watch! Just see how beautifully I'll bring them down.

Char: Excellent. Finally I'll see your splendid fighting skills.

[White Base gets hit by a missile.]

Garma: That's a hit. I want you to concentrate your fire on the left engine.

Sayla: Guncannon, Guntank, heavy enemy fire on the port engine and requesting cover immediately.

Kai: There they are. Ah great. Oh no, you don't.

[Back in Amuro's Room, Bright punches Amuro in the face again.]

Amuro: Ugh. You've got no right. Not even my own father hit me before!

Bright: I've got no more time for you. You need to do some growing up fast if you wanna survive this thing.

Amuro: That's it, I'm not doing it anymore. After what you've done I'll never get in the Gundam ever again!

Fraw: Amuro, would you just listen to the things you're saying? Stop it now! I want you to stop acting so pathetic.

Bright: I'm heading off to the bridge right now. Amuro, I'm so disappointing in you, I don't even wanna see your face. Your combat performance has been amazing up until now. I expected you to surpass the Red Comet. It's really too bad.

Amuro: Char...? Mr. Bright... Bright!

Fraw: Amuro, there's a manual on how to operate all the controls in Gundam isn't there? I'll fight in Gundam on my own. I hate it when people run away from responsibilities, especially when they can help. If you don't take pride in the way you've protected White Base, then as far as I'm concerned, you're not a real man. I just...

Amuro: Fraw Bow... I'm sorry, but there's no way you could operate Gundam properly.

Fraw: Amuro!?

Amuro: It's tough but... I guess I'm a man after all.

Haro: Amuro.

Amuro: Char!

[Outside.]

Hayato: Ryu, the enemy's only firing at White Base now so rotate right and I'll shoot.

Ryu: Roger.

[He shoots down a Dopp.]

Hayato: I only hit one plane? It's impossible to shoot down these planes without the use of anti-aircraft gun. Ah!

Garma: Hey Bibi, don't concentrate on the little ones, just go for the engines on the Trojan Horse. Got it?

Bibi: Yes, captain. Right, follow me!

[Amuro gets in Gundam's cockpit.]

Sayla: The Dopp units are concentrating their attack on the starboard engine now. Think you can handle an anti-aircraft battle Amuro?

Amuro: Yes Sayla, but I'd like to try something new with Gundam. I'll need some cover from Guntank and Guncannon.

Sayla: I'll let them know. We're counting on you, Amuro.

[Meanwhile, Char tampers with the comm circuit.]

Char: Look at him out there. Captain Garma sure does have a lot of guts. It wasn't just his father's influence that got his position as Captain.

Engineer: Commander, you think this is alright just sitting here and watching like this?

Char: Yes, I think so. He said he's request assistance if he needed it, we must respect that. We don't want to interfere with his plan and hurt his pride or we might get in trouble. He can still contact us on radio.

Engineer: Yes, Minofsky particle density is still low enough so we should have no trouble receiving radio transmissions from Captain Garma.

Char: Well then that's fine. I'm not too crazy about getting chewed out from our Captain Garma.

[Gundam heads out.]

Garma: Well, I see you've finally decided to join the party Mobile Suit, but you're not much of a threat, not from the ground. Bibi squadron concentrate your attack on the White Mobile Suit.

Amuro: Here it goes. I know Gundam can jump up and stay in the air for a while with these rocket nozzles.

[Gundam jumps in the air.]

Dopp Pilot: That Mobile Suit is actually flying sir!

[Amuro takes him out.]

Amuro: One.

Bright: Amuro, wait! Gundam is engaged in aerial battle.

Reed: What?

Bright: Incredible. Cancel the restriction, get on the radio with these instructions, Sayla. Order the Guntank and Guncannon to cover Gundam so he can land without being fired upon.

Sayla: You got it. Guntank, Guncannon can you see Gundam?

Kai: Oh yeah.

Ryu: It's Amuro! Let's give him cover, Hayato!

Hayato: Yes sir. We just have to keep the Dopps up there in the sky, right?

Kai: I won't let the Dopps come any closer.

[Amuro lands and prepares to jump again.]

Amuro: 8... 5... 2... 0!

Garma: I can't believe that Mobile Suit is able to jump so high. It's practically flying. That's no Mobile Suit we're up against, that's some kind of Feddie monster.

[Amuro takes out more Dopps.]

Amuro: Three..

Fraw: Mr. Bright! Look at the way Amuro's fighting those Zeon planes out there!

Bright: Yeah, one thing I can say, he may be in a lousy mood, but it sure hasn't made him forget how to fight.

Fraw: Yeah. Amuro, you've gotten stronger now!

[Amuro takes down more Dopps.]

Amuro: Six! And here's number seven! Seven!

[He takes out another.]

Amuro: Squadron Leader?

Garma: You monstrous thing! Go down! Go down now!

Amuro: This is it. Ugh!

[Amuro chops through Garma's Dopp with the Beam Sabre.]

Garma: Come in Gau! I'll lure the Mobile Suit away from the Trojan Horse. Once it's within Gau's range, you won't fail me in shooting down the Mobile Suit.

Amuro: You won't get away!

Garma: That Feddie has no idea he's within Gau's beam cannon range. Gau, fire, Shoot down that Mobile Suit.

[Nothing happens.]

Garma: Can't you hear me!? It's me, Gau! It's Garma! What's going on? I'm positive the radio's working on my end at least.

[Amuro approaches him but a Modilla transport gets in his way.]

Amuro: No! Ah! It's a... Federation transport!?

Matilda: You, in the Mobile Suit, you copy? You're vulnerable to the Gau behind that mountain. Return to White Base at once.

Amuro: Who could that be? She's talking to me like she knows what she's doing.

[Later in the Gau...]

Garma: With all the dirt on this plug, it's no wonder my radio wasn't working properly. Engineer, you will be dealt with accordingly. Erh! What do you have to say about it?

Char: It's unfortunate.

Garma: I'm sure you saw the action on the laser scope Commander Char. Even without my distress call you could've easily come to my rescue.

Char: I was trying to be careful not to damage your sense of pride, Captain Garma.

Garma: Damage my sense of pride!?

Char: You instructed me to simply watch.

Garma: Hmm?

Char: Also, with your piloting skills, I had no doubt you'd be able to maneuver through that little mess without a problem.

Garma: I suppose.

Char: And the most unfortunate thing of all is that when we had the perfect opportunity to shoot down the enemy transport you were directly in the way and so we couldn't fire. I'm sorry.

Char: Well, as long as you understand, Char.

[At White Base.]

Matilda: That would include the entire Salamis crew, Lt. Reed, and the injured refugees. We're taking 35 people in total. As for White Base, we have no new orders so there's no change at this time. Now, to finalize my mission here, General Revil has requested copies of all your combat records.

Bright: But Lt. Matilda, I'm still puzzled. Why aren't there new order from headquarters for our ship and crew?

Matilda: No idea, however General Revil says if the White Base can continue to fight as a single battle cruiser, it's no different than a fully commissioned ship. The Federation's facing some tough times. And, I'll have you know, I've come this far from special request of General Revil. It has nothing at all to do with General HQ.

Bright: And do you think we'll be resupplied any time soon, Lieutenant?

Matilda: If you can escape from Zeon airspace, it's very likely, but nothing until then. Nevertheless, when it seems there's no hope as you battle, don't forget that there are people out there who have not abandoned you.

Amuro: Ms. Matilda...

Matilda: Without your fighting skills with the Gundam, my supply plane would have been destroyed on the way here. Thank you so much. Amuro, I believe you may be a psychic.

Amuro: Oh, not me.

Matilda: Good luck.

Amuro: Thanks.

[She leaves.]

Narrator: Matilda departs, yet a still fragrance still lingers in the air. For Amuro, this is the first time he's noticed the charms of a woman.



Preview:
Garma Zabi desperately wants to defeat White Base to impress his elder sister, Kacilia. But more than anything it would mean that he could be with his true love Icelina. The battle rages on for the White Base crew. Garma, preoccupied with love and war is unaware of Char's true intentions, which finally seals his fate. Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

Garma's Fate

Who will survive?


