
  Narrator: It is the year 0079 of the Universal Century. A half century has passed since Earth began moving its burgeoning population into gigantic orbiting space colonies. A new home for mankind. Where people are born and raised... and die. Nine months ago, the cluster of colonies furthest from the earth called Side 3 proclaimed itself the Principality of Zeon and launched a war of independence against the Earth Federation. Initial fighting lasted over one month and saw both sides lose half their respective populations. People were horrified by the indescribable atrocities that had been committed in the name of independence. Eight months had passed since the rebellion began. They were at a stalemate.

[Footage of Colony being attacked, fight between Zeon and Federation forces, colony crashing
into Earth]



Garma's Fate



[At a ball...]

Guest1: So I hear that your father sovereign Zabi may be visiting Earth some time in the near future.

Garma: I haven't heard anything.

Guest1: Bah... Well, when he's coming it'd be a great honor to serve under him.

Guest1 & 2: (laugh)

[Garma sees Char nearby.]

Garma: Excuse me, I'll see you later.

Woman: Oh, Garma always looks so gallant in his uniform.

Lady: I think I'm gonna faint.

Char: Bunch of fools. They'd all be terrified if they knew about the Trojan Horse and the new Mobile Suit.

Garma: That's right, the problem is there's too much area to cover for us to pursue the Trojan Horse.

Char: Garma... who's that gentleman?

Garma: That's the former mayor, Echonback. He hates the Zeon. Although he did stay behind, seems he decided to look after the civilians.

Char: Sounds like a stubborn man.

Announcer: It's my pleasure to introduce Icelina Echonbach.

Garma: If you'll excuse me Char.

[Garma goes to see Icelina.]

Char: Romance on the front lines... Hmph, same spoiled rich kid.

[Outside on the balcony...]

Garma: He thinks a Zeon Commander who's an heir to the Zabi family isn't good enough for his daughter?

Icelina: Yes.

Garma: With all due respect, it sounds just like your father.

Icelina: I don't care one bit about the problems between the Zeon and the Federation, the only thing I really care about is you. Nothing could stop me from loving you.

Garma: Icelina...

Icelina: I want you, even if I have to betray my own father, I want you.

Garma: I can't afford to betray my father in Zeon. Listen, I have a good chance of capturing some important Federation secrets. Icelina, if I pull this off, my father won't come between us.

Icelina: Oh Garma...

Garma: If my father refuses to grant me my wish, then I will abandon Zeon.

Icelina: Oh Garma...

Char: Hmm?

Messenger: Captain Garma!

Garma: What?!

Messenger: Oh... am I...?

Garma: What is it?

Messenger: It's about the Trojan Horse sir, it's now passed the S3 point.

Garma: What?!

Messenger: Captain, if they break through our final defensive line, they will be able to escape easily into Federation air space.

Garma: It's just as I planned. There's another defensive line yet. It's fine, I will head them off myself with the Mobile Squadron. Inform Commander Char we're leaving. Mobilize!

Messenger: Sir!

Icelina: But, Garma...

Garma: After I capture the Federation's new weapons, I will present them to my people. And at the same moment, I will present you as my fiance.

Icelina: Oh...

[Garma leaves. Later, as White Base heads through the ruins of the city...]

Mirai: Mr. Bright, sir, the Zeon won't allow us to escape. Not out of the city.

Bright: Yes... and at this rate, we'll...

Amuro: I have an idea. I can take a forward position in Gundam and act as a decoy.

Bright: No, that can be risky, it's too late now.

Amuro: What!?

Marker: Mr. Bright, something showing up on the radar, sir. Enemy ships approaching from the north.

Bright: Is there a Gau too?

Marker: Yes at least one.

Bright: And I imagine there'd be fighters as well.

Amuro: Then our only option will be to make use of Gundam. I can lure them away, right? Then White Base can escape to the sea without being detected.

Bright: No... luring the Zeon aircraft away then attempting to break through their... huh?

[A flare goes off in the sky.]

Amuro: It's... it's a flare.

Bright: That thing directly in front of us, it looks like some kind of sport stadium doesn't it?

Marker: Yes, I see it here.

Bright: Alright, let's try to conceal White Base inside it. It should just fit.

Mirai: Why would you do that?

Bright: White Base will shut down all operations once it makes a landing. We won't be detected. Then we'll keep an eye on them and wait for a chance to attack.

Amuro: Mr. Bright, I disagree. If we try just to...

Bright: Amuro in Gundam! Kai in Guncannon! Ryu and Hayato stand by in the Guntank! We must not forget there are still many civilians aboard the White Base.

Amuro: Don't you forget... I'm a civilian too.

Bright: All units to their post, on combat status 1. Keep silent until further orders. Don't jeopardize our strategy.

[They head to the Mobile Suits.]

Fraw: Please stay in your rooms everyone!

[Amuro and the others get in the Mobile Suits.]

Bright: Rotate 180 degrees.

Mirai: Yes sir, 180 degrees.

[White Base hides underneath the stadium dome. Another flare goes off in the sky.]

Civilian: Feel like I'm suffocating here.

Old Man: If they are coming, we may as well leave the ship now.

Fraw: Everyone, we've made it this far, please if we all pull together like we've been doing, we'll come out of this alive

[A baby cries in the corner. The kids are taking care of it.]

Kika: Stop it!

Katz: Hey, don't shine the light on him.

Letz: Come on! Would you cut it out?

Fraw: What are you doing over there? Here, give him to me. See? You don't have to cry anymore.

Mother: My baby! My baby! There you are. Oh. There now it's alright.

[Meanwhile...]

Garma: What Patrolgins? You can't find the Trojan Horse? But they haven't left the city, try harder.

Char: You may be right. The most expedient way to flush a rat out of its nest is with a little bit of carpet bombing.

Garma: Mmm-Hmm. Right. Prepare for roller shift bombardment and commence bombing as soon as you're ready.

Bomber: Sir!

[They drop bombs all over the city.]

Fraw: Hey... it's gonna be alright, okay.

Ryu: It'll almost be a miracle if we make it through this one.

[Meanwhile, at the Echonbach mansion...]

Woman: Please, someone help me here please! The Young lady is...!

Icelina: Let go of my arm right now! You don't understand!

Woman: Miss, it's too dangerous for you to go out there.

Man: Miss, stop it, you cannot not. Your father is summoning you.

Icelina: How dare you! Get out of my way!

Man: Miss!

Icelina: No! I have somewhere I have to go so get your stinking hands off me before I...! I have nothing to say to my father.

Echonbach: So, the son of the Zeon leader wants to marry you?

Icelina: You're my father alright, but you can't deny me the freedom to choose. It's my life, I have the right to make decisions about my future!

Echonbach: No you don't!

[He slaps her.]

Echonbach: Gentlemen, don't let her have the keys to the jet, understand?

Icelina: (cries) Oh Garma....




Commercial Break



[Bombing continues on the city.]

Garma: Well? Has the Trojan Horse come out?

Pilot: Sir, not yet, still waiting.

Garma: Where is it? What's going on?

Char: Captain, they're improving their tactics so we'll have to be even smarter.

Garma: Well, we'll have to go down to the surface and find it.

Char: Garma, wait! If you really want to take the risk, I'll go down there with my men instead.

Garma: Would you really do it?

Char: Of course I will. You're my superior Garma.

Garma: Only for now. But you still serve under my elder brother Dozle. I should go.

Char: You seem to be a bit more anxious then you should be. Try not to let your feelings for a woman make you careless. Please stay calm.

Garma: You're in charge.

Char: Yes Captain.

Garma: Feelings for Icelina troubling me? Silly! I am calm and collected!

[Char gets in his Zaku.]

Garma: Char! Please inform me once you spot the Trojan Horse or Mobile Suit. I will destroy them with the Gau.

Char: Thanks for coming out here to see me off. It means a lot to me. I'll do exactly as you've requested. Good luck to you Garma.

Garma: Good luck to you Char.

Char: And may the glory of victory be yours, Captain.

[Char heads out in his Zaku along with 2 others.]

Mirai: Mr. Bright, 3 Zakus are descending from the plane. It looks like they're heading towards us.

Bright: Right, Amuro Zakus are here. It's time now. Deploy Gundam away from the White Base at once.

Amuro: Yes sir.

Bright: Listen up, we're going to go ahead with your idea. Lure the Zakus out and, if you can, the main enemy forces as well. Bring them out into the area in front of the White Base and then clear out. We're gonna hit them all at once.

Amuro: Right.

Bright: Guncannon, Guntank. Move out in front of White Base and stand by.

Amuro: Now!

[Gundam heads out.]

Amuro: Yes, right there!

[Gundam lands.]

Char: Somehow, deliberately misleading soldiers on my own side doesn't sit too well. Well, that Mobile Suit should have left the Trojan Horse already.

Amuro: I think he saw me! That's strange... Oh there! The enemy is near!

[The Zakus approach the hiding Gundam. Char knocks the Gundam down and Gundam gets knocked around by the 3 Zakus.]

Amuro: Yeah, it's Char. No matter what happens you won't get me.

[He misses hitting Char.]

Char: That Mobile Suit... the pilot's improving.

[Amuro shoots down one of the Zakus.]

Amuro: Huh?

[Another Zakus attacks him with an ax, but Gundam escapes.]

Char: Good try. Wait a minute... Looks like you're trying to lead us out into the open. Which means that the Trojan Horse must be right behind you!

[Char sees it.]

Char: That's a pretty good strategy. I'll use it when I take revenge.

[He turns on the radio.]

Garma: I was waiting for you, Char.

Char: The Mobile Suit is running away. The Trojan Horse should be right up ahead. Hurry!

Garma: I will, Char.

[The Gau heads past where White Base is.]

Garma: Ready beam cannons. All units stand by for attack.

[On White Base.]

Mirai: Mr. Bright, the enemy units are moving out.

Bright: Alright Mirai, back to your post. We're going to attack.

[White Base brings out its cannons and leaves the stadium.]

Bright: Concentrate your firepower on the enemy planes in front of White Base but don't fire a single shot until we begin the attack on my countdown. 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Fire!

[White Base and the Mobile Suits start attacking. Amuro takes out the remaining distracted Zaku.]

Garma: What is going on!?

Pilot: There's enemy fire from behind captain!

Garma: From behind!?

Pilot: It's the Trojan Horse coming up behind us!

Garma: Ascend! Ascend now!

Pilot: We can't!

Garma: Change course 180 degrees. We're not finished yet, I'll ram the Gau right into them if I have to.

[The battered Gau starts its descend.]

Char: Hey Garma, do you read me? Blame this on the misfortune of your birth.

Garma: What?! Misfortune?!

Char: That's right.

Garma: Char... you're not saying that...!

Char: You were indeed a very good friend to me. Don't take it too personally, you can thank your father for this. (laughs)

Garma: Char...! You double crossed me, Char!?

[Garma takes the pilot.]

Garma: I am a son of the Zabi family and I will go down in glory! You have not defeated me!

[The wings fall off the Gau as it descends toward White Base.]

Marker: Mr. Bright, enemy aircraft approaching.

Bright: What!? No it can't be, a kamikaze attack! Mirai, let's go now! Par descend. Get us out of here quick!

[White Base fires at the Gau.]

Garma: Aaaaaah!!!!!!!

Bright: Take cover now!

Garma: Glory to the nation of Zeon!!!!!!!!!!!!!

[The rest of the Gau blows up and crashes near White Base.]

Bright: Ugh... that, that was too close. Amuro, you did very well. Your strategy worked, we can escape from Zeon territory. Return to the ship. Amuro! What's wrong!? Amuro!

Amuro: Alright, returning to ship.

[At Icelina's...]

Echonbach: I see. I understand, I'll tell my daughter. Icelina.

Icelina: Father?

Echonbach: Icelina, Garma fell during battle, he's gone.

[Icelina runs out crying. She runs to a tree in the yard.]

Icelina: (cries) Oh Garma why... Garma... Garma my love...

[At Side 3...]

Narrator: The nation of space colonies known as the Principality of Zeon is stationed on the other side of the moon. The tragic news of the death of his youngest son reached sovereign Zabi.

[Degwin drops his cane.]

Narrator: Degwin Sodo Zabi, the sovereign of Zeon and father of Garma revealed his grief by dropping his cane before the messenger. There were no words to express his loss.



Preview:
There appears to be no end to the battle. Garma's remaining forces launch a vengeful assault. Ryu fights in the Guncannon with Amuro to defeat the Gau. A beautiful woman stands before Amuro trembling, and aiming a gun at him. Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

Icelina-Love's Remains

Who will survive?


