
  Narrator: It is the year 0079 of the Universal Century. A half century has passed since Earth began moving its burgeoning population into gigantic orbiting space colonies. A new home for mankind. Where people are born and raised... and die. Nine months ago, the cluster of colonies furthest from the earth called Side 3 proclaimed itself the Principality of Zeon and launched a war of independence against the Earth Federation. Initial fighting lasted over one month and saw both sides lose half their respective populations. People were horrified by the indescribable atrocities that had been committed in the name of independence. Eight months had passed since the rebellion began. They were at a stalemate.

[Footage of Colony being attacked, fight between Zeon and Federation forces, colony crashing into Earth]



Garma Strikes



[On White Base.]

Bright: Looks like the Earth-based Zeon air force has arrived.

Marker: Units have been deployed from the Gau carrier.

Bright: That's an impressive fleet they've got there.

[On the Gau...]

Technician: Relative speed mach .78, steady as she goes. Conditions are not optimal. I see it now, it's trajectory is too low.

Assistant: Right, let's do it in one try. Ready?

Technician: Roger. Stand by laser lock on your command. Laser sensor released, let's do it.

[The Consign capsule lands.]

Technician: Very nice gentlemen, that's a job well done. Captain, the Musai capsule, it's aboard now.

[On the Bridge...]

Garma: Hello Char, it's just not like you to fail. Especially when you're up against only one ship.

Char: Don't say it, Garma, or is it Captain Garma Zabi, Commander of Earth Occupation Forces. Hmm...? What is it?

Garma: Just like at the military academy, it's Garma.

Char: That's the Trojan Horse. There.

Garma: I know. To think that the Red Comet couldn't finish it off when he had such an impressive battle record.

Char: You're saying you shouldn't be wasting your time on the front lines of a Federation battle?

Garma: Well... think of it as a good friend coming to welcome you home. How's that?

Char: Need I remind you that the Federation ship made it through the atmosphere without burning up?

Garma: I've ordered an evaluation of its fighting capabilities based upon its impressive re-entry maneuvers. Anyway Char, you've been on constant duty since that guerilla operation and you need your rest.

Char: Yes... I think you're right. But, I give you fair warning that this ship is Zeon cross material.

Garma: Thank you. I really appreciate the opportunity to prove myself. But is it possible you've come here to give me an opportunity to finally impress my elder sister?

Char: (laughs)

Garma: Don't laugh, Char. The men are watching.

[In the White Base docking bay...]

Supplier: We're short of supplies in block 20.

Transporter: Be careful with the electrical circuits.

Electrician: Hydrolic joints are normal. I'll measure the balance.

Ryu: Make sure you don't load any duds, 'cause I'll be alone out there.

Loading Guy: You bet.

[Hayato practices on a simulator.]

Kai: My... what an ambitious soldier you've become. Hayato, don't you know the enemy's right out there? You ready for them?

Hayato: Would you quit bothering me?

Sayla: Mr. Kai, aren't you supposed to be in charge of the tank?

Kai: It's done.

Sayla: Then would you stand by on combat status please?

Kai: What about you?

Sayla: Well, it just so happens we couldn't see on the bridge monitor. Bright ordered me to search around and find you.

Kai: Good work.

[On the bridge.]

Reed: We can clear this up very easily by deploying Gundam. That's the only way to break through the Zeon line.

Bright: Amuro needs to get some rest, sir.

Reed: But it'll be an all out assault and they've got all their units in place.

Bright: Well, we'll just have to wait and see, sir.

Reed: I'm in command here and I'm ordering you to send out the Gundam and a Core Fighter to break through the middle. Knock it off you, little brats!

[Kika starts crying.]

Reed: I order you to launch a counter-attack now!

Bright: All stations return fire! We can't let the Dopp units get close to White Base!

Dopp Pilot: Here, have some of this.

[He hits White Base.]

Marker: Dopp's approaching around the stern, sir. It looks to me like they want to block our escape.

Reed: Mr. Bright, you're ignoring orders.

Bright: The Dopp's attacked before the order could be executed, Lieutenant.

Amuro: Mr. Bright, I'm ready to go.

Bright: Amuro!

Amuro: Sayla already explained the whole situation to me.

Mirai: Are you sure you're alright?

Fraw: If you push to hard you won't be able to focus.

Kids: Are you really okay, Amuro?

Amuro: There isn't any choice! I just have to do it, Mr. Bright.

Reed: Let Gundam take care of it, Mr. Bright.

Bright: Let me remind you that Gundam wasn't built for air battle, Lieutenant. And he's a kid.

Hayato: Listen, this shouldn't be a close combat you know. How about we use the Guntank on them? Then we'd be less dependant on Amuro.

Amuro: Hayato?!

Bright: Yes, I see. Expedite the conversion of Gundam's cockpit to Guntank. Leave 2 Core Fighters for cover so Guntank has some backup. Do you agree with me?

Reed: We can still break through.

Bright: I don't know...

[On the Gau...]

Garma: Continue to pursue the enemy ship and don't let up until I say otherwise, Hannibal.

Hannibal: Roger Captain.

Garma: When the Devil squadron gets in the lead, we'll initiate the attack. Devil, go.

Announcer: Devil squadron launched!

[They launch Dopps. On White Base.]

Bright: Speed up that Guntank Conversion.

Mirai: Mr. Bright, why is the enemy attack so restrained for such a large air force?

Bright: I believe it's because the enemy wants to take White Base completely intact. Descend now Mirai.

Mirai: Yes, sir.

Reed: Listen, the Zeon will never get this ship.

[The Guntank Core is transferred.]

Guy: Yeah.

Announcer: Guntank top unit transfered.

Guy: Clear!

Amuro: Assembly's done. Mr. Bright, I'm ready. Hayato, are you all set?

Hayato: I'm good to go, Amuro.

Sayla: Guntank, proceed to the launch pad and wait. You'll need to advance slowly.

Amuro: Here I go.

[It goes to the launch pad.]

Fraw: Amuro looks so tired, but...

Hayato: Amuro, when we launch from White Base, let's move away from the ship and mess up their offensive line.

Amuro: I don't know if I agree. Hayato, it's simple. They're after White Base, so we can't be too far away or there'll be no cover.

Hayato: Amuro, the Guntank can break up the enemy's offensive line which will make it easier for White Base to defend itself.

Amuro: You just worry about shooting as many planes as possible!

[On the Gau.]

Garma: There is no way I'm going to let you use the mountains as a shield. Advance the ground units immediately. We're gonna capture the Federation ship.

Mirai: Altitude, 95 meters. White Base holding steady, launch has been enabled now for Guntank.

Sayla: You can launch now, Amuro. Correct for balance and make your descent.

Amuro: Okay, ready to launch. All set, Hayato? Let's go.

[Guntank heads out.]

Hannibal: What is that thing, it looks like a tank.

Amuro: Hayato, which way?

Hayato: Ugh, Ah!

[They shoot down a Dopp.]

Hannibal: That's amazing firepower.

Amuro: What's that? Ground forces are moving in.

Reed: Use the mountains as a shield and stay behind Guntank. The air units will be instructed and won't be able to attack so easily. What's happening?

Oscar: Lt. Reed, enemy ground units!

Reed: What?

Reed: They're Magella attack tanks. Retreat! Fall back, turn around now! Lunatics! Don't they know how to aim a weapon?

Bright: Forward guns, change your target. Fire at Magella attack!

Reed: I already gave you a direct order to retreat.

Bright: Let's just say we have a little bit more experience than you operating White Base. Let us do our job, Lieutenant.

Reed: Why you... that's insubordination.

Bright: I thought you wanted us to break through the enemy's offensive line, didn't you, Lieutenant?

Reed: Yes, I did.

[At the Forward guns.]

Sayla: Let's switch.

Kai: I can handle it.

Sayla: I just have to pull this thing, right?

Gunner: Right.

[They blow up a tank.]

Gunner: I can't believe you're hitting those tanks.

[On the Guntank.]

Hayato: Amuro, if we hang out in front of White Base instead of advancing, the enemy's gonna keep up the attack until we surrender!

Amuro: We can't leave White Base sitting in the open like this! So we'll just have to charge and bust open an escape route.

[He gets a transmission from Bright.]

Bright: Amuro, it's Bright. I hate to say this, but the Guntank's movements are too limited to fight the Magella attack. You have to go in with Gundam!

Amuro: Yes, but I can't!

Bright: There's no choice, Ryu can man the Guntank.

Amuro: Mr. Bright...

Hayato: Amuro, I really like Mr. Bright's idea, we've got to try it.

Amuro: Maybe it'll be easier to fight alone. Alright. But I'll only agree with the plan if you Kai or Sayla operate the Guntank and give us some cover. I think Sayla can handle it.

[The Guntank heads back aboard.]

Amuro: We're nothing but fish in the barrel, I hope Gundam is the answer.

Hayato: We'll break up their offensive line, but we'll have to move away from White Base.

Amuro: Erhh...



Commercial Break



[On the Gau.]

Messenger: A report, sir.

Garma: Hmm?

Messenger: We've just received information from Headquarters that the tank we saw is actually a new type of Mobile Suit.

Garma: So that thing is a Mobile Suit? I understand, so that's the new Federation Mobile Suit.

Messenger: Yes, it appears to be far superior to a conventional tank.

Garma: Well then, we'll have to fight Mobile Suits with Mobile Suits. We have 3.

Messenger: Sir.

Garma: Instruct the blockade unit to deploy the Mobile Suits. If they reach the sea, the enemy may escape to the safety of Federation air space. Stop the Trojan Horse from advancing at any cost.

Messenger: Yes, understood, sir

[On White Base.]

Sayla: We don't have the time to transfer the Core Fighter. You've got to run Amuro.

Amuro: Okay.

[He heads out.]

Amuro: Are you taking it?

Kai: I have no choice.

Fraw: Drink this, it'll give you energy.

[Amuro drinks.]

Fraw: I really wish I could do more for you, Amuro.

Amuro: Thanks, Fraw Bow.

Fraw: Hey, good luck to you.

Amuro: See you later!

[Amuro gets in Gundam's cockpit.]

Sayla: Ryu, if you don't have enough confidence, that's fine.

Ryu: There's no choice. Ready to launch.

[The Core Fighter launches.]

Amuro: I'm not doing this because I'm overly confident in myself either. Huh?

Sayla: Amuro, what did you say, sorry?

Amuro: Nothing, I said Gundam is ready.

Sayla: Hold on a moment, stand by until the Guntank's been launched.

Amuro: Erh... they hurry up and make you wait.

[The Zakus head out.]

Dren: Commander Char.

Char: This'll be tough for Garma after it's over. He thinks he'll be heading up a huge victory, but he's gonna show why we failed twice to capture the Federation weapons. It'll be worse for him since he has a much stronger force than we have. Admiral Dozle will take notice after this failed mission with the Trojan Horse, he'll recognize it's not my fault.

Dren: I see.

Char: Is Garma suited up in a Mobile Suit?

Dren: No, sir.

Char: (thinks) So... he's not suited up. I figured he'd either perish in battle with the Mobile Suit, or I could step in and save his hide.

[Meanwhile...]

Amuro: The Guntank's out in front. If I go further ahead I'll be moving away from White Base like Hayato suggested.

Sayla: Gundam, Amuro!

Amuro: I'm right here.

Sayla: There are 3 Zakus out there so please be careful. It's time for us to launch the Gundam.

Amuro: Right. I'll look foolish if I ask what the plan is now. I wish Bright had explained the details.

[The Gundam launches.]

Amuro: Now!

[It falls.]

Amuro: I'm falling! Ugh...

[The Gundam hits the ground.]

Amuro: Hey look... Ryu!

[He shoots down a Dopp.]

Amuro: And look at that. What's over there? Kai, let Gundam get them.

Kai: We're just a sitting duck, let's fall back now.

[Amuro shoots down more Magella tops and Dopps.]

Amuro: Why you...

[He continues to fire.]

Amuro: Ryu, look behind you!

[He shoots another Dopp. The Zakus approach, and one is blasted by Gundam.]

Zaku Pilot: That Federation Mobile Suit is equipped with a beam rifle. It's much too powerful for us.

[They retreat.]

Amuro: Huh? What are they doing?

[Gundam gets blasted a lot.]

Hayato: Amuro!

Amuro: Ah

[Amuro passes out.]

Fraw: Amuro!

[Amuro wakes up.]

Amuro: They're not going to get me... no way.

Hayato: We'll break up their offensive line, we'll break it up.

Amuro: All right... let's do it. There it is!

[He charges another Zaku and knocks it around.]

Zaku Pilot: Ah!

[Amuro takes out the beam sabre.]

Amuro: Ah!! You...!

[He slaughters a bunch of the enemy troops.]

Hayato: Amuro... you did it!

[Gundam continues to attack.]

Amuro: Aaaaah!

[Gundam finally stops. The battlefield is now virtually empty. On the Gau...]

Garma: Return to base.

Pilot: You want us to turn around just like that Captain?

Garma: We saw the enemy's strength, I need to capture it all intact. That kind of strength requires us to completely renew our strategies. But somehow we've got to keep them in our territory so we can watch and learn and find their weak points. Defeat the Federation at all costs.

[Gundam returns to White Base.]

Mirai: So what do we do?

Bright: Well... from here on we have to follow the mountains to enter the continent.

Mirai: Although it may be Garma Zabi's domain, there should be a Federation underground still active there. And we'll have to reach it before the Zeon are able to rebuild their troops.

Bright: Yes, but how can we hope to make contact, Mirai?

Mirai: Mr. Bright, everyone is counting on you. We do need a plan and soon.

Bright: I know that, first things first. Let's go meet our brave fighters, shall we?

[Amuro leaves the cockpit.]

Fraw: Congratulations.

[Amuro walks by without a response.]

Fraw: Amuro...?

[Sayla, Kai, Ryu and Hayato show up.]

Sayla: Well done, good work, Amuro!

Hayato: Way to go, Amuro, you did it!

Kai: Hmph, does that snotty little brat think Gundam was the only one fighting out there?

Hayato: Don't talk like that Kai.

[Amuro heads down the hall. The kids show up.]

Kika: You know what? All us kids got together and baked a pie, and we're gonna share it with everyone.

Katz: Yeah, and we got soda pop too and candy!

Letz: C'mon, it's time to celebrate Amuro!

Haro: Celebrate Amuro. Celebrate Amuro.

Amuro: Just leave me alone please, okay?

[He closes the door to his room.]

Kika: You party pooper! Bleh!

[Amuro gets on the bed in his quarters. Meanwhile, at the nearby Zeon base, Char takes a shower.]

Garma: Char?

Char: That you, Garma?

Garma: You didn't bother to tell me just how devastating that secret really is.

Char: Sure I did. I told you it's Zeon cross material. Thinking about your next move?

Garma: You don't miss a beat.

Char: I'll do what I can to help. I'd be honored to give you a hand.

Garma: Thank you Char, you're as good as 100 men. And you'll finally help me prove myself to my elder sister Kacilia. Am I right? Don't you think?

Char: Isn't Kacilia your direct superior, Garma?

Garma: Char...

Char: What is it?

Garma: I know I have a good friend in you.

Char: Don't get all sappy on me now.

[Back on White Base, Amuro lays in bed.]



Preview:
In order to make contact with Federation HQ, Amuro is sent on a mission to escape enemy territory. But Char uncovers the plan. Will Amuro transfer his Core Fighter into Gundam in time, and be able to do battle with Char? Mobile Suit Gundam. Next episode:

The Core Fighter's Escape

Who will survive?


