
  Narrator: It is the year 0079 of the Universal Century. Nine months ago, the cluster of colonies furthest from the earth called Side 3 proclaimed itself the Principality of Zeon and launched a war of independence against the Earth Federation. Initial fighting lasted over one month and saw both sides lose half their respective populations. People were horrified by the indescribable atrocities that had been committed in the name of independence. Eight months had passed since the rebellion began. They were at a stalemate.

[Footage of Colony being attacked, fight between Zeon and Federation forces, colony crashing into Earth]



Icelina-Love's Remains



Narrator: Beyond the moon, furthest from the Earth, there exists several dozen space colonies. This is the Principality of Zeon, a space-city state dominated by the Zabi family, who try to impose a dictatorship on all of humanity. Giant cylindrical satellites floating in space. Each cylinder is about 6 kilometers in diameter and over 30 kilometers in length. Within these satellites, there are worlds inhabited by human beings. Artificial living environments were developed so that people could live as if they were in Earth.

[A Musai enters one of the colonies.]

Narrator: The Commander of Zeon's Space Attack Force, Vice Admiral Dozle Zabi, has just returned from one of the forward bases.

Dozle: Looks like nothings changed in 6 months. No additional fortifications either.

Narrator: Since the space colony uses cylindrical force to generate gravity, people live on the land along the inner wall of the cylinder. This is Zoom City, the capital of the Principality of Zeon.

[Inside the palace...]

Gihren: We cannot let Garma's death be in vain. It's a matter of honor and pride and upholding the family name.

Degwin: Gihren, I just want Garma's passing to be...

Guard: Excuse my interruption, Admiral Dozle and Lady Kacilia have arrived from the forward bases.

Degwin: Let them in.

Dozle: Father!

Degwin: You came quickly. Thank you.

Dozle: Father, all of us feel your grief.

Kacilia: It was regrettable that Garma would fall before the Federation's Mobile Suit when he had such a promising career.

Dozle: Erh... It's a nightmare! I still don't believe it happened Gihren. I keep thinking Garma will walk through that door any minute.

Gihren: You won't win any battles Dozle. Not by dwelling on the past like this, right?

Dozle: But...! It makes me angry, I was looking forward to him becoming an Admiral one day. Someone who would give me orders.

Degwin: Yes, Dozle has said it well. That's exactly why, Gihren, we must pray for Garma's soul in a quiet and respectful manner that besets our grief.

[Icelina is greeted at the Zeon Base where Garma and Char were at.]

Doroda: Excuse me, I'm at your service, Ms. Icelina. Eh... Ms. Icelina.

[They head down the hall.]

Doroda: By the way miss, the other night at the party I couldn't help but stare at you the whole time. Well, what I really meant by that is... all the officers present officers were awed by your beauty and grace.

[They head inside a room.]

Doroda: This is the suite that Captain Garma used on official visits. This, this must surely be a time of great sorrow. But we can't let the Federation get away with it. Ms. Icelina, we will absolutely make them pay.

Icelina: Lt. Doroda.

Doroda: Miss?

Icelina: You have to help me. Can you let me on-board the Gau please?

Doroda: But, Miss Icelina...

Icelina: Let's meet the enemy that took away my Garma. I want to, I wanna see the faces of the people as we take our revenge.

Doroda: But, that's...

Icelina: Yes, Lt. Doroda.

[Meanwhile on White Base...]

Civilian: Isn't it too early to pack your suitcase?

Old Man: We've come this far so we're as good as there. Don't listen to him, the Federation's coming, we'll walk on the earth again.

Man: We better be on our toes 'cause it'll be first come first served to leave.

[They laugh. The ship shakes.]

Mirai: We've hit strong turbulence.

[Amuro is working on Gundam.]

Amuro: What is that, Ryu?

Ryu: I assume we probably hit a air pocket.

Mirai: We're experiencing a little turbulence. There's no cause for alarm.

Ryu: Did you fix it?

Amuro: I think I've figured it out. The safety wouldn't let it extend to a javelin. It should work now.

Ryu: Well I didn't peg you as a mechanic kid, but people are full of surprises.

Amuro: I'm just about finished.

Ryu: Alright, hold it there. Amuro, are you able to use both for the javelin?

Amuro: Of course. They're both the same so it's no problem at all.

Oscar: Enemy aircraft sighted at 11 o'clock. 3 planes. Analysis in. Enemy Gaus, 3 heading this way.

Bright: Amuro, Ryu, are you finished with the maintenance on the Gundam?

Ryu: Yeah, we're ready to go at any time.

Mirai: The main thrust engines aren't performing very well, Mr. Bright, we'll have to land immediately!

Bright: We only have a bit to go before we finally reach Federation airspace Mirai, we might find a rescue squad along the way.

Amuro: Mr. Bright, White Base should stay headed for Federation airspace and I'll catch up in Gundam when I'm finished here.

Bright: You'll get caught in turbulence.

Amuro: Actually, I think the heavy winds will help me dodge their missiles.

Ryu: We're going to jump directly to that spot, Amuro, can you do it?

Amuro: Yeah, I can try.

[Gundam and Guncannon head out.]

[On the Gau...]

Doroda: They're coming, fire on the Mobile Suits.

Icelina: Mobile Suits! They're the ones that are responsible for...!

Doroda: Don't you worry, we will avenge the late Captain Garma no matter what the cost, Miss Icelina.

[Gundam and Guncannon get shot at by a Gau, but manage to land on it.]

Pilot: Shoot those Mobile Suits off this ship now!

[They shoot at them.]

Amuro: Ryu, it's too close to withstand these beam cannons.

Ryu: Heh heh, all we have to do is destroy the ship's gun turrets.

Doroda: Number 2, cover number 3.

[Amuro tears the Gau to shreds. The number 2 Gau fires at Gundam, but ends up shooting the number 3 Gau down.]

Doroda: Idiots!

[Gundam and Guncannon jump over to Gau number 2. Gau number 3 crashes.]

Doroda: No! Those poor men.

Icelina: Fighter planes, don't we have any?

Doroda: Unfortunately not. After the last few battles with the Federation I would estimate they're only...

[The radio goes off.]

Icelina: Huh?

Doroda: What's that?

[Its Char in a fighter plane.]

Char: This is Char, I'll give you a hand.

Doroda: Commander Char, it's me, Lt. Doroda, formerly under Captain Garma's command.

Char: I don't care, aim for the cockpit.

Doroda: The cockpit?

Char: The belly. The pilot is inside the Gundam's belly.

Doroda: Yes, sir.

Char: I will attack the Trojan Horse myself. We're finally going to finish them off now. It's the least I could do since I couldn't save Garma. Or maybe they'll think it's my allegiance to Admiral Dozle. Either way I can't lose.

[On White Base...]

Sayla: Message from Federation forces.

Bright: What's this say? No decision was reached at the GHQ liaison conference?

Sayla: I guess for the time being we can't expect reinforcements. They're claiming that Lt. Matilda's Modilla has not been authorized to resupply us.

Bright: What's the problem, don't they care what happens to the crew members and civilians on this ship?

Sayla: They've included something about civilians farther down.

Bright: "Preparing to take on refugees. We'll rendezvous at coordinates S109 N13." Mirai, change our course 1.5 degrees.

Mirai: Sir.

Oscar: Enemy aircraft at 10 o'clock.

[Hayato aims at it.]

Hayato: There it is. What?! The safety must still be on.

[He shoots but doesn't hit Char's craft. Char hits White Base with a missile.]

Marker: We've been hit on the port side rear.

Mirai: Oh no, we've completely lost control of the power levels. I can't navigate.

[White Base heads towards the ground smoking from the rear. Amuro and Ryu watch in terror.]



Commercial Break



Bright: This is an emergency landing. All hands brace yourselves and fasten your seatbelts if possible.

Mirai: Landing now!

[White Base hits the ground hard and eventually stops. Char lands nearby and heads out armed.]

Char: There must be an easy way to capture the Trojan Horse now that they're in trouble and have no back up.

[On the Bridge...]

Bright: Ugh... You did an excellent job, Mirai.

Mirai: It wasn't really my ability that got us here, Mr. Bright, it's White Base that deserves all the credit.

Bright: Don't be so modest. Are you alright over there, Sayla?

Sayla: Yes.

Bright: Could you go check on the refugees and see if they're doing alright down there?

Sayla: Sir.

[Guncannon is hit and falls off the Gau. Gundam heads down to help.]

Amuro: Ryu, are you alright?

Ryu: Yeah, I think so. Why don't we get down on the ground for now?

Amuro: Okay.

[On the Gau.]

Icelina: They can't escape, please make sure you destroy them completely!

[On White Base's Bridge...]

Hayato: Emergency repairs to the power section are complete so we'll have the ship up and running again in no time.

Bright: Good. Power section, are you ready?

Jobe John: Sir, down 25% but I sure it'll be okay for a short distance.

Mirai: Everything's fine here, no serious problems.

Hayato: This White Base ship, it constantly amazes me how well built it is.

Bright: Alright, we just have to get out of here quickly because if we're hit we won't be able to move and we don't want to be sitting ducks again, right?

Hayato: You want me to contact Amuro and Ryu?

Bright: Mirai, did we get any kind of emergency signal from them?

Mirai: No, and I haven't detected any unusual activity either, Bright.

Sayla: Bright! Bright! Several of the refugees have left the ship, sir!

Bright: What?!

[Civilians run out of White Base.]

Old Man: We can't stand it anymore, we're getting out!

Bright: Stop! Don't go! You must stay here!

Hayato: Getting off in a remote place like this really isn't safe.

Sayla: Don't do it.

Bright: Come back, it isn't safe! The enemy may be somewhere around here, come back while you still can!

Civilian: The Zeon are after the White Base and Gundam so we'll be perfectly safe out here, it doesn't have anything to do with us.

Old Man: That's right, we're only in trouble because we're still here. We must leave the White Base!

Man: Let me out of here, Mr. Bright.

Bright: And what are you gonna do in a desert like this?

[Char shoots the civilians who ran off. Bright and the others shoot at him.]

Sayla: That man is...

[Char runs back and takes off in his fighter plane.]

[Back in Zoom City...]

Degwin: Why is it wrong for the family to mourn Garma? It's enough.

Gihren: Father, we're at war right now. In order to strengthen the moral and allegiance of our people there is nothing more appropriate than a state funeral. His royal blood means that Garma's death does not concern him alone, it concerns the entire Principality of Zeon.

Kacilia: I would have to agree with Gihren.

Dozle: First we have to get rid of Char. Punishing the one responsible for protecting our Garma would be an important symbol of respect to the people.

Kacilia: You can deal with issues surrounding Char's responsibility in your own jurisdiction. The important thing is the ritual that will honor the royal name of the Zabi family.

Gihren: Garma was a very popular figure among the people father. If we decide to hold an official state funeral in his name, it will stir up people's hatred toward the Federation and garner support for our war effort. Wouldn't that be a fitting tribute to honor him? Well father?

Degwin: Hmm... As for Char, Dozle, relegate him elsewhere.

Gihren: Please listen, father. As ruler of our nation you know how important it is you make your decision without delay.

[Char continues to fire at White Base.]

Amuro: Cover me Ryu!

Ryu: Roger.

Amuro: Yeaaahh!!!!!!!!!

[Amuro chops through Gau number 2.]

Doroda: Now! Concentrate all fire on the Mobile Suit!

[Gundam is knocked to its knees.]

Doroda: Good! Just a bit more!

Ryu: Amuro!

[He shoots down the lead Gau.]

Doroda: Don't stop! Shoot the Mobile Suit!

Amuro: Ah! My shield is given way!

[The lead Gau is struck again, stopping the attack. Amuro chops up the Rest of the Gau, which blows up shortly after.]

All: Ah!!!!!!

Amuro: Hayato! Alright, watch this!

Icelina: Doroda!

Doroda: Ah!!! It's my arm! I can't steer, miss!

Icelina: Then I'll do it!

Doroda: Miss Icelina!

Icelina: It's just not fair, for Garma's sake we can't give up fighting.

[She steers it towards Gundam.]

Amuro: So, you're not gonna give up?

[The Mobile Suits fire at the descending Gau.]

Amuro: You're not gonna give up yet?

[Amuro throws the javelin at the Gau.]

Icelina: Mobile Suit, I take revenge and reclaim Garma's honor!

Amuro: Ah!!!!

[The Gau crashes into the Gundam.]

Amuro: Ugh! No, not now. Looks like some of the circuits have been fried.

Bright: Amuro, are you alright?

Amuro: Yes Mr. Bright. Something's wrong, I have to go check it out right now.

Bright: Alright. There may be soldiers in the Gau. Be careful.

Amuro: Right.

[On the crashed Gau.]

Icelina: Lt. Doroda! Lieutenant!

[He's dead. Icelina sees Amuro outside. She takes Doroda's gun.]

Amuro: Huh?

Icelina: I take revenge for my love's honor!

Amuro: Take revenge on me?

[Icelina slips off the top of the Gau and falls to the ground, dead.]

Amuro: Why? Why revenge? Why me?

[Char flies away.]

Char: It's clear we can't rely on others. Hey Dren, we'll tell them my Mobile Suit wasn't working. I'll make up some excuse like a burnt out circuit or something like that.

[Later, the civilians leave White Base.]

Civilian: Rescued!

[Nearby, Amuro and the others bury Icelina.]

Amuro: I wonder what the woman's name was... She wanted revenge against me.

[They finish burying her.]



Preview:
Amuro is exhausted, but a new enemy, Ranba Ral, appears on the scene. Gundam is no match for the destructive power of the new Zeon Mobile Unit. As the Zeon royal family mourns the loss of Garma, the thunderous chant of 'Hail Zeon' echoes around the world. Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

The Threat of Zeon

Who will survive?


