
  Narrator: The year is 0079 of the Universal Century. A number of space colonies had been built around the Earth, which were regarded as a second home to human beings. The space city state, Side 3 had proclaimed itself the Principality of Zeon. With aims to dominate human kind, it waged a war against the Earth Federation. The White Base managed to evade a Zeon attack on the colony of Side 7 and later escaped to Earth. And now...



Sayla's Agony



Narrator: Unable to contact Federation HQ, the White Base continues west across central Asia. The young crew is so exhausted they seem unable to do anything but carry out their assigned duties.

[Fraw Bow looks through a telescope.

Amuro: Still can't find them?

Fraw: Huh? You should sleep some more. You are a pilot, you know.

Amuro: Can't see anything?

Fraw: Mmm Hmm.

[On the Bridge.]

Marker: I've confirmed our position.

Bright: Hmm... we're here at the appointed place and appointed time... there's no message from General Revil?

Sayla: The communication circuit has been opened, sir.

Mirai: They wouldn't try to radio the White Base considering the Zeon forces are relatively stronger around this area.

Kai: So someone's gonna walk all the way out here just to join us in the middle of this desert?

Bright: Kai! Enough! We're all getting very tired. Okay Sayla, please make sure that everyone keeps watch for Federation vehicles.

Sayla: Sir!

[The cook drops off some food.]

Bright: Hmm? Thank you very much.

Tamura: You bet. Everyone can eat, there's enough here.

Bright: The crew have to remain at their post, please take food to them.

Tamura: I just noticed it a short while ago, sir, but I'm afraid we're almost out of salt. Can we get a fresh supply?

Bright: What? Really? We're out of salt?

Tamura: Yes, sir.

Sayla: There's something moving! 10 o'clock, it's an off road cruiser. Could you please confirm with a visual reference?

Marker: It's on maximum zoom, 28 kilometers forward.

[The Cruiser heads towards White Base.]

Bright: Ready the port side guns! The White Base will be landing immediately.

[White Base lands. They head out. Bright shoots in the sky.]

Bright: Hey, are you alright? Do butterflies fly in the desert?

Messenger: Butterflies fly in the desert? Only the thorns of a cactus fly in the desert, sir.

Bright: He was sent by General Revil.

Ryu: All right. I'll drive this car.

[Later, in the hospital ward...]

Bright: Can you speak?

Sayla: Son Malo did some first aid on him, but the man is still very weak.

Bright: I am Bright Noah, Commander of the White Base.

Messenger: Odessa day is scheduled to begin 5 days hence, sir. Your orders are to continue on and make your way across the Caspian Sea by the time it begins.

Bright: Odessa day? What is that? Huh?

Messenger: The day of our new offensive, against the forces of Kacilia's underling M'Quve.

Bright: M'Quve?

Messenger: Yes, the mines that are held by M'Quve are a strategic asset which could very well determine the outcome of the war. We'll try to take them on Odessa day.

Bright: So are you saying that the White Base will actually be participating in the offensive?

Sayla: The White Base crew aren't even regular military, right, Mr. Bright?

[The Messenger passes out.]

Sayla: I'm sorry, I don't think he's gonna make it.

Bright: I suppose this means they'll make the White Base part of the regular forces.

[He's stopped by the cook in the hall again.]

Bright: What is it?

Tamura: It's about the salt shortage, sir.

Bright: Why haven't you noticed until now?

Tamura: During our last battle with the Zeons, there was a direct hit on the store, sir. We lost a great deal of salt around that time.

Bright: Problem is the Zeon's strongest units are deployed up ahead of us. I doubt we can get any salt at this time.

Tamura: Lack of salt will affect the crew faster than you can imagine.

Bright: We'll think of something.

[Fraw brings Amuro food.]

Fraw: Aren't you finished yet Amuro?

Amuro: No way, how can I be finished?

Fraw: Hey it's still warm, so eat it soon okay?

Amuro: Did we get in touch with General Revil?

Fraw: Yes we did. But now everyone's talking about a salt shortage.

Haro: Eat Amuro, eat Amuro, eat Amuro.

Amuro: Really? No salt for our food?

Fraw: Yes, that's right. Your body needs it just as much as you need water.

Amuro: I suppose.

Fraw: You'd better eat.

Amuro: Right.

Guy: Amuro, aren't you done yet?

Amuro: I've got a bit more to do.

[On the bridge...]

Mirai: This is Rob lake, it's composed of salt water.

Bright: Salt water?

Mirai: Yes, we should be able to find a way to extract the salt from the water.

Tamura: Really?

Bright: Operator, is it safe to make a detour by the lake?

Marker: As long as we can avoid M'Quve, the ship can go practically anywhere, sir.

Bright: Well, let's assume we'll have less chance of running into M'Quve if we head for the lake.

Mirai: Assumptions are so unlike you.

Bright: No laughing now.

[Meanwhile, on the Galop...]

Ranba Ral: If our source is correct, we should be able to intercept the Trojan Horse very soon.

Hamon: Yes, we should get in touch with M'Quve. This is Kacilia's jurisdiction after all.

Ranba Ral: Open a line to Captain M'Quve for me.

Comm Operator: Sir.

Iragan: Captain M'Quve is not available at the moment, sir. He sincerely apologizes. He has instructed me to supply you with any information you might need when you arrive. Lieutenant, I am Ensign Iragan.

Ranba Ral: I see he likes to plan ahead. I'll contact you when I need to. Give my regards to the Captain.

Iragan: Good luck.

Ranba Ral: Over and out. You hear that Hamon, that Captain is a sensible man.

Hamon: He is, however dear, someone told me to be careful around him.

Ranba Ral: I hate politics, I'll be heading back to space immediately. Once I avenge Garma. Well, should we set up an ambush around this place?

Hamon: Yes dear.

[Meanwhile...]

M'Quve: Charming sound, isn't it?

Iragan: Sure. Is it a precious item, sir?

M'Quve: Sung Dynasty.

Iragan: Oh.

M'Quve: What?

Iragan: As per your orders, I've spoken to Ranba Ral.

M'Quve: I see.

Soldier: Captain M'Quve!

M'Quve: What is it?

Soldier: We have new information from intelligence. It seems the Trojan Horse has changed course.

M'Quve: How fortunate, they're moving away from my mines. Wait a minute... inform Ranba Ral of the news. If he can get rid of the Trojan Horse without any complications, then maybe he won't be around for long. We most certainly wouldn't want Admiral Dozle finding out what I'm really doing.

Iragan: Sir.

[Ranba Ral heads out on the Galop.]

Ranba Ral: You really gotta hand it to Captain M'Quve, getting his underlings to inform us that the Trojan Horse is trying to evade our strategy.

Hamon: Well what do you think? That M'Quve's up to something? Dear?

Ranba Ral: I think you're worry too much Hamon.

[White Base arrives at the lake to find that it's gone dry.]

Kids: Hey guys, how come the lake disappeared?

Amuro: It looks like maybe there might have been a lake here a long time ago.

Tamura: Oh no, it can't be...

Bright: Check it against the map. Any errors Marker?

Marker: No, there are no errors, sir.

Bright: But how can that be?

Tamura: Oh no...

Bright: Mr. Tamura?

Tamura: Just for some salt, I've made the White Base go out of its way! Idiot! The Zeons must have seen us by now.

Mirai: Marker, do you have any other data on this lake? Anything at all?

Marker: I'll do a quick search. It says Rob Lake, salt water, yes it says here it moves slowly east to west every 500 years or so.

Mirai: It moves!? How old is the map you have anyway?

Marker: It must be pre-war, there hasn't been a satellite that can make maps since the war began.

Mirai: Bright?

Bright: Right, let's get a move on, we'll find that lake.

Oscar: Something's approaching!

Bright: Huh?

Oscar: From 2 o'clock. A ground level vehicle. I can't confirm what type it is.

Amuro: There's no way to tell what it is?

Bright: Can't you figure it out form the object's speed, altitude and mass?

Sayla: Just one enemy?

Marker: The object's much too fast of a Magella attack, and it's much too slow for a Gau.

Bright: Amuro, can you go?

Amuro: Well it's hard not knowing what I'm up against, sir, I can't tell you if Gundam is right for the job.

Mirai: Anyway, we should launch White Base immediately.

Bright: All hands on combat status one! Gundam, Guntank, Guncannon! Standby for combat! We'll launch once we know what's happening here.

Ryu: Roger.

Fraw: Come on, let's go. The ship has gone to Combat status one, you guys.

Kids: Hmmm?

[On the Galop...]

Hamon: Do you know if Ranba Ral, Hakuse and Cozun are in the field yet?

Klamp: Yes, please take a look here. Our Galop will make a broad side attack against the enemy. Ral and the 2 Zakus will destroy it like so.

Hamon: That will be sufficient.

[Amuro arrives at the dock, only too discover...]

Amuro: Look, Gundam is...! Jobe, who's the pilot inside of Gundam?

Jobe John: Ms. Sayla, special orders. Isn't that the case?

Amuro: There's no special orders! Sayla, come back!



Commercial Break



Sayla: Catapult is engaged so I'm all set. I'm launching right now. Ugh!

[Gundam launches.]

Sayla: Ugh...

[The Gundam crashes into the ground.]

Sayla: Oh! I thought I'd mastered it when I went through the simulations. I didn't expect this kind of G-Force.

[She pukes.]

Bright: Port, return fire! Prepare Beam cannons! Guntank, Guncannon, cover Gundam!

[They fire.]

Hamon: Keep firing at the enemy, even while evading them.

Klamp: Yes.

Hamon: He'll be going into action at any time. Until then keep the enemy engaged.

[The Gundam gets up.]

Sayla: Well, I've made it this far. I have to make contact with the Zeon soldiers. Oh no, it's a Zaku!

[The Zaku attacks!]

Sayla: My aim is just fine, but no hit! Ah! Never thought that firing these weapons would be so hard.

Ranba Ral: Heh heh, that pilot... total amateur. So I'm taking him out.

[Ranba Ral attacks with the Gouf.]

Sayla: Over on the right side! Vulcans!

[Ranba Ral knocks the Gundam over. It is hit by Guncannon.]

Ranba Ral: Ugh!

Amuro: [in Guncannon] Get up Sayla! Return to ship so I can transfer to Gundam if we find it necessary. I'll bet the comm-switch is off.

Ranba Ral: They've got a Mobile Suit for long range support? Sure looks tough.

Amuro: Fire! Did I get him? Wait, Sayla! Hold on! We haven't confirmed the hit yet Sayla, get back! Right now!

Sayla: Where did the pilot go?

Amuro: That Zeon Mobile Suit is not an easy opponent. Sayla, please fall back!

[The heat rod tears through Gundam's foot and knocks it over.]

Ranba Ral: Heh heh, this Gouf Mobile Suit would be finished by now if the impact weren't cushioned by the desert sand.

[He battles Guncannon.]

Amuro: He's not giving me a chance to aim!

Ranba Ral: Erh...!

Amuro: Where is he?

Ranba Ral: I've got to lead him into hand to hand combat with me somehow. Huh? Cozun, what the...?! Don't be a fool, get back!

[The Zaku approaches Gundam.]

Cozun: Not to worry Lieutenant, I'll capture this Mobile Suit and we can all go home.

Sayla: The auto balancer doesn't work! Ah!

[The Zakus kicks the Gundam and knocks it over.]

Cozun: Now just watch this maneuver Lieutenant! This'll make a nice trophy, sir.

[He grabs the Gundam's head and tries to tear it off.]

Sayla: The main camera! He's trying to take out all the cameras!

Cozun: Lieutenant, could you cut one of his power pipes with your heat rod? That'll disable it. Let's take this one back to base.

[In Guntank...]

Ryu: If we let that new enemy Mobile Suit get anywhere near Gundam, there's no way we can save her Hayato.

Hayato: Ah, right. But Ryu, keeping up with this enemy is tough. It's taking everything I've got. That's him!

[Guntank fires at him.]

Ranba Ral: Oh no, I've let my Zakus get too spread out. Cozun, are you alright?

Cozun: I can do it. I'm gonna try to immobilize it on my own.

Ranba Ral: Hakuse, can't you get by the red one and provide cover for Cozun?

[Hakuse attacks the Guncannon.]

Amuro: Sayla! Open the comm circuit! We've got to talk to each other or we're gonna get clobbered! Ugh!

Hakuse: I'm out of ammo! No, can't be! I must... Oh no!

[Amuro blows up the Zaku with Guncannon.]

Ranba Ral: Hakuse! Hakuse! Ugh!

[The Gouf gets hit too.]

Ranba Ral: Cozun! Get back! Hakuse has been hit!

Cozun: Hakuse!? Has Hakuse been taken out Lieutenant?

Ranba Ral: Get out!

Cozun: Yes, sir!

Sayla: Why's he letting me go?!

[Guncannon blocks Cozun's escape.]

Cozun: What the...? Lieutenant Ral!

Amuro: It's the end of the line!

[He punches the Zaku and knocks it over.

Cozun: Ah!

Ranba Ral: Cozun, Cozun! Answer me Cozun! Has he been hit? Listen Hamon, can you hear me? Bring in the Galop now, we'll rendezvous.

[On the Galop.]

Hamon: Klamp, have you been able to locate the Gouf?

Klamp: Yes, we'll rendezvous in 50 seconds.

Hamon: Both Hakuse and Cozun were hit by the enemy. I'm afraid we're gonna have to retreat from the battlefield.

Klamp: I see... but things aren't fair enough, Ms. Hamon.

Hamon: Why?

Klamp: We have that brand new warship, Zanzibar... Why couldn't we?

Hamon: You know very well we can't be irresponsible and deploy something that is still being tested. I'm sure Admiral Dozle thinks that with Ranba Ral in command, we have enough resources.

Klamp: I just think it's unfair.

Hamon: Our battles will be much tougher if we don't have Captain M'Quve's support. There he is, Klamp!

[Guncannon carries the Zaku to White Base. Later...]

Cozun: I expect prisoners are treated according to the Antarctic Treaty?

Bright: Of course. However, you won't be fed well. We're running low on supplies.

Cozun: Yeah, same with us. The top brass don't really care about us guys on the front lines 'cause they assume we'll all be casualties.

Kai: Well well, here's the champion warrior girl back from battle.

Bright: Sayla! Sayla! I will see you on the bridge.

Sayla: Yes.

[Later, on the bridge...]

Bright: Did you need to prove something? Did you need to prove to us that a woman can fight as well as a man? Is that the only reason?

Sayla: Yes.

Bright: I thought you were smarter than that, Sayla, I really did.

Mirai: You'll be disciplined like anybody else. Three days in the brig should do, alright?

Sayla: Yes, I think that's fair.

Bright: Ryu, take her.

Ryu: Let's go.

[They arrive at the cells.]

Ryu: Meal for the prisoner?

Fraw: Yes.

Ryu: You need more than 2 people.

Sayla: Please, let me take care of it Fraw Bow.

Fraw: Thank you Sayla.

[She goes in the cell.]

Cozun: Hmm.

Ryu: Wait, Sayla!

Sayla: Hey, do you know what happened to Char?

Cozun: Char? Do you mean that...

Sayla: I mean the Red Comet. Could you please tell me where he is?

Cozun: You know Char Aznable? He lost his position after he failed to protect Garma, who was destroyed. Heard they sent Char somewhere, probably back home.

Sayla: Thanks, thanks so much.

[She leaves.]

Ryu: What were you talking about?

Sayla: Nothing Ryu, how much it would cost to pay me off.

[Sayla is put in the cell.]

Ryu: 3 days will fly by very quickly, Sayla.

Sayla: Don't worry about me, Ryu, thanks.

Fraw: Just call for me if you need anything.

Sayla: Thanks Fraw Bow, thanks a lot.

[They all leave.]

Sayla: (cries) Char is my brother, and he's alive. I'm sure of it. I'm so glad he's alright.

[On the bridge.]

Bright: Over there, a lake!

Kika: So pretty! So pretty.

Tamura: Well, it certainly didn't move far away. Look at that, we'll finally get our salt!



Preview:
Cozun, the prisoner, attempts to escape with the ship's secrets. Meanwhile, the unrelenting power of the Gouf's heat rod tears away at the Guncannon's arm. Can Kai be rescued? Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

Amuro Deserts

Who will survive?

