
  Soldier: Some heat source?

Federation Commander: What is that?

Soldier2: It looks like Degwin Zabi, sir.

Degwin: We'll finally obtain peace.

Zeon Soldier: Sovereign Degwin!

Degwin: What is it?

The solar ray starts to disintegrate everything in its path including the Great Degwin.

Bright: What was that? That light.

Mirai: That's where the Revil's Fleet main forces are located.

Amuro: No, not all of them are gone. Not all of them are gone but...



Space Fortress: A Baoa Qu



[On the Gwazine…]

Pilot: The Solar Ray has now been fired at Galdorva, Admiral. Hey, did you hear that?

Co-pilot: Yeah. Uhh, hey. Did you hear the laser sensors?

Other pilot: Yeah, I heard them alright. Did you hear them, as well?

Kacilia: What are you men talking about? You're aware we're at level two combat alert? Idle chatter is prohibited.

Co-pilot: Apparently, an IFS signal was detected from the Great Degwin in the Galdorva line, Admiral. It seems odd.

Kacilia: The Great Degwin?

Co-pilot: Yes, at the same point the enemy was situated.

Kacilia: Were we notified about the Great Degwin heading into battle?

Co-pilot: No.

Kacilia: I see. Maintain surveillance on the enemy's remaining forces. We couldn't have wiped out even half of them.

Co-pilot: Yes, ma'am.

Kacilia: My father's ship. That's strange.

[On the White Base. The crew hears some chatter.]

Mirai: We have eight ships, Bright. Some of them have been damaged quite badly.

Bright: Fraw Bow.

Fraw: Sir.

Bright: What's the latest from Luzal?

Fraw: We're to stay put. The remaining fleet has been ordered to assemble around the White Base, Mr. Bright.

Bright: And have you heard anything else?

Fraw: Nothing. They seem to be in a state of utter chaos.

Bright: Attention, White Base crew, attention. Standby on combat status two.

Fraw: Can you make anything out?

Amuro: Mm-hm. They used something similar to our Solar Flare System.

Fraw: The Solar Flare?

Amuro: The Federation used it in our fight at Solomon. Although, it's much more powerful this time.

Luzal: White Base, security code Beta-3.

Fraw: Uhh, right. Roger that.

[Back at Gihren's fleet…]

Gihren: My brave and loyal Zeon soldiers, I'm pleased to report that the Solar Ray has reduced half the Federation Fleet to stardust. This brilliant light is proof that Zeon's justice is served. With the massive damage incurred, any battle strength the Federation Forces may have left will be of no consequence. In other words, what remains of them is little more than debris. It is with confidence that I hereby declare it impossible for this weak host of enemies to force its way past A Baoa Qu. There is no other way for mankind to last forever except for living under the direct control of we, the chosen superior race of Zeon. If this war drags on, it will pose a serious threat to all of mankind. We must teach those slow-witted people of the Earth Federation a lesson they will always remember. Now is the time for mankind to stand up for the future. Hail Zeon!

[All the soldiers chant "Hail Zeon!" Back on White Base…]

Marker: Second and Third Battalions will advance from point N. We will gather all remaining ships with the Luzal as our flagship and proceed from point S.

Mirai: We obviously lack fighting power.

Bright: If only we could use our Solar Flare System as well.

Amuro: I'm sure it will be okay. It's true that A Baoa Qu's firepower is greatest where we want to attack. But their defense is most fragile there. The operation will succeed.

Bright: Is that Newtype intuition?

Amuro: Yes.

Fraw: Ready to synchronize. 3, 2, 1, 0. Operation commencing.

Bright: Right. All hands go to combat status one. We'll break through the F line in about ten minutes.

Amuro: Fraw Bow, don't give up no matter what happens, alright? We just shouldn't waste our lives for this sort of thing.

Fraw: Thanks, Amuro. That's kind. I promise I never will give up.

Amuro: That's the Fraw Bow I know. See you later.

Fraw: Don't do anything crazy out there.

Amuro: Right.

Hayato: Coming?

Amuro: Sure.

[He sees Hayato talk to Fraw.]

Katz: Guys, we better get back to E block.

Kika: Good luck, everybody.

Kai: Where's Hayato?

Kika: He can't stay away from Fraw Bow.

Kai: Yeah, good for him. [laughs]

Sayla: That guy is such a pervert.

Amuro: You sound like such a prude, Sayla.

Sayla: I know that but...

Katz: Good luck, you guys.

Letz: You're our heroes.

Kai: Thanks. Amuro, um, what you said back there, is it true?

Amuro: I'm afraid not. If Newtypes could predict the future, then we all wouldn't suffer.

Sayla: If Amuro hadn't said what he did back there on the Bridge, the crew would've abandoned the ship from fear, I mean.

Kai: Yeah, I guess you're right. We're no cowards but I suppose we're all just human after all.

[The fighting breaks out.]

Soldier: The enemy's still putting up beam interference fields.

Gihren: Respond with missiles. Hold our Mobile Suit units in reserve for the time being.

[They destroy more Public-class ships.]

Gihren: Carry your Doloses on schedule. Hold off for now. Reroute half the vessels at S field over to N field. Those Feddies, they're fighting tough considering they've lost their main forces.

Soldier: Gwazine entering E field. Possibly Rear Admiral Kacilia's vessel.

Gihren: Right. Reroute it now to N field.

Soldier: Yes, sir.

Gihren: Something isn't quite right. The number of ships doesn't match for what Kacilia had told us.

[Kacilia and Char take a transport into A Baoa Qu.]

Char: Every one of the Gelgoog models has been dispatched. It's a shame. There isn't one left. So, there won't be anything for me to use.

Kacilia: Want to try out the Zeong? I understand that it's 80% complete though.

Char: Zeong?

Kacilia: A Mobile Suit with the same psycommu system that was developed for the Elmeth. You should be able to handle it.

Char: Then it must be similar to the Braw Bro.

Kacilia: Yes, I don't think anyone has launched in the Zeong. Give it a try. In the meantime, I'll go see Gihren.

Char: Right. 80%, huh.

[The battle continues.]

Dolos: Magellan-class destroyed, sir. The Federation has dispatched its entire Mobile Suit forces.

Gihren: Don't fail me now, Dolos.

Soldier: Lady Kacilia has returned.

Gihren: So, what took you?

Kacilia: Sorry for the delay.

Gihren: I heard the report that the Elmeth was destroyed.

Kacilia: Yes.

Gihren: I'm surprised it couldn't even handle a single Gundam.

Kacilia: We'll try the Zeong.

Gihren: That incomplete model?

Kacilia: To defeat the Gundam, we need to fight with someone who seems to have some Newtype potential.

Gihren: Char, once again.

Soldier: Dolos is moving out.

Gihren: You're obsessed with him.

Kacilia: The Great Degwin, where is it stationed? Zoom City?

Gihren: It was destroyed. It moved out too far ahead.

Kacilia: Really? Did Sovereign Degwin allow you to assign his ship to someone else?

Gihren: Not too subtle, Kacilia. Would our father hand over the Great Degwin?

Kacilia: No, he wouldn't.

Gihren: And there's your answer.

[The battle presses on.]

Gihren: Our forces are too overwhelming. They're doomed.



Commercial Break



Mechanic: 80% complete? Who told you that? In its current state, the Zeong can fight at 100%, Captain.

Char: But it has no legs.

Mechanic: Legs are just for show. The brass doesn't understand things like that.

Char: You explained how to operate it but the psycommu, do you think I can handle that?

Mechanic: I'm aware that your Newtype potentials are still undetermined so I can't guarantee the psycommu will work.

Char: You're too frank. I don't appreciate it.

Mechanic: If it makes you feel any better, sir, I'm very confident that you'll do well.

Char: Thanks. I believe you.

[The battle rages on. More ships are destroyed.]

Gihren: Would you look at that? You didn't deploy enough vessels to attack this location. Good job. The Dolos is holding ground. You're to send all N field vessels forward and...

Kacilia: A new fleet of the Federation Forces?

Gihren: What's that?

Kacilia: Are you sure about that?

Soldier: Yes, it's above the N field line. I'm confirming coordinates.

Kacilia: The Federation isn't finished yet.

Gihren: Think so? It could be the remaining forces' last futile attempt.

Kacilia: Ha. You're right. What's the status of Char's Zeong?

Char: You called?

Kacilia: How's the Zeong doing?

Char: Ready to go.

Kacilia: There's a new enemy fleet above S field. I want you to go after them with the 34th Mobile Suit Corps.

Char: Right. Be assured we'll be taking out all the enemies entering S field.

Kacilia: The Federation won't have any more forces in reserve.

Gihren: We should be able to defend S field with our current forces, don't you think?

Kacilia: Yes. You killed your own father.

[The Zeong launches.]

Char: Now the question is, whether or not I actually have what it takes to pilot this Mobile Suit like a true Newtype.

[The Zeong attacks a Magellan.]

Char: You are finished.

[On White Base…]

Bright: Alter course two degrees. Retreat!

Mirai: Yes, sir.

Char: Good. Now, is the Gundam around here? Huh? Over there. Feddie Mobile Suits.

[He sees the Gundam.]

Char: It's him.

Amuro: This guy's strong. Char. He's behind me. What the? A Newtype who's stronger than Char. But. Landing on A Baoa Qu is more important now. My true enemy is within there and it's not Char.

[On A Baoa Qu…]

Gihren: Haha. So the Dolos forces will take care of N field.

Kacilia: Isn't that nice?

Gihren: Huh?

Kacilia: Father was aboard the Great Degwin. Yet you destroyed it along with the Federation Forces. Why?

Gihren: I didn't have any choice. It wasn't the right time to initiate peace negotiations.

Kacilia: But there was no need to commit patricide, was there, Admiral?

Gihren: Haha. Enough of the jokes.

Kacilia: You aren't usually this naive, my dear brother.

[She fires her gun right through Gihren's head. His floating body bounces off the video screen.]

Soldier: Isn't that Admiral Gihren?

Kacilia: Get rid of the body! Even the supreme commander couldn't get away with the assassination of his own father. If any of you disagrees, then file charges against me after the battle's over.

Twanning: Admiral Gihren sacrificed himself admirably in war. The enemy's defeated the Dolos fleet. Your excellency, your orders.

Kacilia: Yes, Twanning. I appreciate it. I'll take over command of A Baoa Qu. Dispatch Mobile Suit forces to N field. What's the status of S field?

Soldier: We've eliminated 10 of the enemy's 25 vessels but the other vessels are now almost landing onto S field.

Kacilia: Send Char's Zeong to the frontline. Concentrate Mobile Suit forces at S field.

[The Federation gets closer.]

Kai: Take this!

Hayato: You're mine!

[He destroys a Rick Dom.]

Hayato: Who's next?

Sayla: Those new models are fast.

[On the Bridge…]

Bright: Alright, then. Fraw Bow, please tell Sayla to keep her G-Fighter near the White Base.

Fraw: Yes, sir.

Bright: Mirai, the enemy's defense seemed to weaken momentarily a while ago.

Mirai: Yes, it seemed quite unusual to me. We're struggling but from the looks of it, so are they.

Bright: So it seems.

Sayla: Amuro.

Char: It's pathetic. I've lost sight of the Gundam now. Where is he?

[On A Baoa Qu…]

Twanning: The Federation just keeps on coming. The Mobile Suits have landed on N field.

Kacilia: Hmm. That's a concern. How's S field holding up?

Soldier: A Mobile Suit thought to be the Gundam has broken through it.

Kacilia: Where's Char?

Soldier: Obstructed by the enemy. He can't get close to the Gundam.

Kacilia: Well, it is his first time in the Zeong.

Amuro: Great. I made it. It's Char. I think he found me.

Char: I've got him. I can see my enemy.

Kacilia: But the Gelgoogs and Doms aren't doing very well. What's the problem, Twanning?

Twanning: Ma'am, it appears that many Mobile Suit are student recruits at the controls.

Kacilia: Students?

Twanning: Yes, but I assure you they're fully trained.

Kacilia: Uhh. I believe you but it's the outcome I'm concerned about. They're losing badly.

Twanning: I'm terribly sorry, ma'am. But you won't find pilots more patriotic.

Kacilia: If only the Great Admiral had come to appreciate Newtypes earlier. Direct the enemy towards A Baoa Qu so we can clean them up. There can't be too many of them left.

[Amuro sees a Zaku in the way.]

Amuro: I've gotta go for it. Uhh, why are you here?

[He destroys it.]

Pilot: Mother.

[He fights Char.]

Amuro: From the other direction. Char! What? He dodged me.

Char: Ehh. Not again.

Narrator: Char begins to feel panic stricken. While the Zeong has been developed for Newtypes, he is unable to maximize its potential. The Gundam pilot unquestionably has the upper hand in the battle.

Char: But surely I must be a Newtype, too.


Preview:
The end has arrived. Amuro and Char duel without Mobile Suits. This is no longer a war. It's a fate handed down to Newtypes. Meanwhile, the red flames of A Baoa Qu engulf the White Base. Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

Escape

Who will survive?

