
  (00:24)
Gundam...

That thing is built with psycho-frame throughout the whole body?

We have confirmation.
The unidentified single-horned suit transformed... morphed! It's a Gundam!

Gundam...

Micott, look at that.
It's really a Gundam.

What's Gundam?

It's the name of the first mobile suit developed by the Federation.
Zeon even used to call it the White Devil.

Attention bridge!
The machine currently engaging the Sleeves' quad-wing appears to be a Gundam type.

A Gundam? No way!

Gundam...
Gundam...
Gundam is... the enemy!
Hahhhh!
(01:45)

(02:12)
Attention unidentified machine.
If you can hear this message, identify yourself, your affiliation, and your combat objective.
I repeat.
Unidentified machine ....

Your performance is a disgrace, Suberoa Zinnerman.
You failed to retrieve Laplace's Box and weren't even able to rescue the princess.

None of these developments could have been predicted.
For the time being, we have no choice but to be patient and wait to hear from the princess.

Are you suggesting that we do nothing?

Lieutenant Angelo...
I hear the enemy that Marida was bested by in battle was a Gundam no less.
Intriguing.
I might need to come out there myself.
Have the Garencieres find out the Federation's next move.

Sir!
I will rectify this disgrace even if it costs me my life.

You mustn't let mistakes weigh you down.
Acknowledge them and take what you've learned to move on.
That is the privilege of being a man.
(03:07)

(03:36)
Mom...

(03:50)
Riddhe...
You got lucky.
Don't overthink it.
Surviving doesn't mean you're a coward; any more than dying means you were brave.
The only thing that separates life from death is luck.

Sir... I understand.

Attention approaching vessel, you are hereby ordered to halt immediately.
This is the Nahel Argama of the Federation Space Forces, Londo Bell.
Your vessel has crossed our ship's defensive perimeter.

Those damn terrorists!

Wait.

It's debris?!

It appears to be a derelict vessel, Salamis class.
Our thermal sensors misidentified its backup power supply.

Stand down the alert, return to your stations, and recall the mobile suits immediately.

Are you sure?

Is there a problem with that?

It was misidentified debris?

Yeah, that's right.
We're lucky it wasn't an enemy out there.

But the enemy is always out there.
They must assume by now that we've recovered Laplace's Box.
And as long as that quad-wing mobile suit is operational, I wouldn't expect them to give up anytime soon.

So now is not the time to sit back and wait for reinforcements?

Precisely.
Have you unlocked it yet?

No, sir.
Frankly, I didn't expect the system to be quite this resistant.

So you had no knowledge of what was going on outside your own department.

Correct.
And once the development of the UC Project was placed under the jurisdiction of the Vist Foundation, we were kept in even more dark--

Hey! What does that have to do with the situation at hand?!

The comm's closed.

What is the UC Project?
Look, ECOAS isn't officially investigating this. If we were, our guest from Anaheim would keep us from getting to the truth anyway.

The UC Project... it's a top secret program conducted as part of the E.F.S.F. Reorganization Plan.
This Unicorn is the flagship.
The entire body incorporates psycho-frame technology, which supplements the psycommu, transmitting the pilot's psycho-waves directly to the drive system.

Meaning the pilot can control this entirely by thought?

Mm...

But it's too much strain on the pilot's body, am I right?

Uh... right.
But supposedly the NT-D has a time limit of only five minutes once activated.

This NT-D you mentioned...

Commander Daguza!
I was very clear that I must be present should you decide to interrogate my staff!

Daguza to bridge.
Rather than wait for reinforcements, I suggest we leave this sector immediately.
I have new information suggesting that the recovered Gundam is connected in someway to Laplace's Box.
I recommend you set a course for Luna II as soon as you're able.

That may be--

I agree, Captain Otto!
However, why would we go to Luna II?
We should go to our Anaheim Electronics headquarters, at Von Braun on the moon.

(06:53)
Attention, the ship is entering second deployment...

Please wait here for now.
Let me know if you need anything.

Have you received any word about who was piloting that Gundam?

No, from what I've been told, the hatch hasn't even been opened yet.

Hey there, are you doing all right?
Oh, I'm the ReZEL pilot that pulled you guys out.
My name's Riddhe Marcenas.

And my name is Audrey Burne.

You want to go take a look?
At the Gundam.
You are curious, aren't you?

Ensign Riddhe...

It'll be fine, Ensign Mihiro.
I know a secret spot where we can steal a peek.

That's not what I meant.

I wanna go!
This Nahel Argama was the mothership of the Gundam Team in the first Neo Zeon War, and now it's carrying this new Gundam!
It's just too cool. It's like destiny, or... or something!

Uh... yeah

Hey, you coming, Micott?

Whatever...

And I'm coming too.
If that Gundam hadn't shown up when it did, you and I wouldn't be having this discussion now.
I for one want to meet the pilot who saved our lives.

(07:57)
Unlike Luna II, which is on the far side of the Earth, the Moon is right next to us.

That's exactly why our enemy will expect us to head there.
I think a detour course for Luna II is a wiser choice.

If you're worried about our limited resources, I'm sure we can make it to the Moon.
Clearly, Commander, you've just become anxious.

Send us out into the open with no reinforcements and I'll become even more anxious.
We're here now because of corporate interference with the military command structure.

The duty of a soldier, Commander, is to carry out orders!

I've had enough of this.

Don't blame me for your own--

Turn it off!
I know that ECOAS can do as they please during an operation, but I wish they'd get off our backs while we're giving them a free ride.
To say nothing of that prima donna from Anaheim!

Complaining to us about it won't affect the situation.

(grumbles)
Hm?

The derelict ship we encountered has decelerated.
Now traveling at relative speed zero.

Haunted by ghosts of the One Year War.
Have the mobile suits eliminate it.
They can move something that size, no problem.

But they've already returned.

Th-they what?

Well those were your orders, Captain.

Would you like to give the order to send them back out?

Just blast it with the main guns!

Bingo! That's them.
We've confirmed the enemy's position.

Transmit the coordinates to the Rewloola.
Then we'll see what they can do.

(09:34)
So, that's Gundam?

That's what they're saying.
It looks so different.

I feel like I've seen you somewhere before.
Hmm...
Hey! You look like Natsume Swanson, you know, the famous actress.

I don't know much about the entertainment industry.

Oh, right...

Ah, Ensign!

The hatch is opening.

Banagher!
Why is he...?

How could he be the pilot?

(10:35)
Banagher.
Banagher.

Ah, Doctor!

Hmm?

Banagher...

Hey, are-are you okay?

Audrey...

(gasps)

Banagher, can you hear me?
If you can hear me, squeeze my hand.

Mihiro to the bridge.
The boy is just regaining consciousness.
Commander Daguza?!

I'd like to talk to the boy.
The rest of you can leave.

Of course sir, but...

Can you at least wait until I examine the boy?
He's just regained consciousness, doesn't even know where he is.

You understand that he's hurt, don't you?

I understand this minor is a civilian who hijacked a military mobile suit, then interfered in a combat situation.
A violation of the law severe enough to warrant capital punishment.

Huh?!

Are you serious?

But sir, he saved all of our lives.
Doesn't it count for something?

Not in a stolen combat machine.

(11:30)
We're all set to launch, Captain.
All you need do is sit back and observe.
Leave the rest to us.

All of this has to be related to Laplace's Box.
Am I right, Lieutenant?
A secret important enough to warrant the deployment of ECOAS to retrieve it.

There's a limit to how much the Federation can mobilize in secrecy.
Even as we speak, I'm sure they're in discussions about how to handle the situation.
All those responsible parties trying to avoid responsibility.

I hope you're right.

They're here without backup, aren't they?
I'm positive.

Hmph...

The Captain will be going out today.
There won't be anything for us to do.

(12:23)
And you stand by the story?
You expect us to believe that Cardeas Vist just gave it to a boy.
So did he say anything when he gave you this gift?

Like I said, he told me to take the mobile suit and use it to protect everyone.
That's all he said.

Hm...

Would it be easier to believe if he were my father?

(12:45)
All units, scramble!
Turn about, full speed!

Damage report and scan the area!

There's no one out there!

Look harder!

We've fallen into a trap.

This is your fault, Captain!
You and your indecision! If we a--

Off!

I've got intense heat signatures approaching at high speed.
I count four total.
They're approaching from directly above us.

Are they missiles?

No, sir.
Not judging by the flight paths.
I'd say they're mobile suits.
But the way they're navigating the debris field...
It's impossible...
The lead machine is approaching at... three times the speed of the others!

This should be interesting.
Let's test the performance of your brand-new Gundam.

(13:49)
Are these the same guys that attacked the colony?

Ah! I can't take this anymore!

Micott!
Got to look for normal suits!
This ship could get a hole blasted into it any second!

Everyone!
You have to put these on.
Ah, what happened to the other girl?

You, where do you think you're going?
Put on a normal suit and get to shelter.
Huh?!

Anti-air def, what're you doing?!

We can't acquire a lock.

Forget the system, just shoot!

(14:52)
Romeo 008 ready to launch!
Pilot to the mobile suit deck immediately.

Hey, you dropped this.

Oh, thank you.
I'm glad you found it.
This might save my life.
It's my good luck charm.
Now you go get some rest.
There isn't anything for you to do.
We'll take care of protecting our ship this time around.
A kid like that piloting a Gundam?

Banagher.

Audrey!?

Banagher, listen to me.
That machine's systems are registered to your biometric data.
Which means it can't be operated by anyone but you.

That's what I'm told, but... but how do you know all of this?

I want you to come with me.

Rear main gun is down!
(Ensign Mihiro to the bridge!)
Severe damage reported on port side bulkhead seven!

Agh...
Damn amatures.

Don't worry.
As long as they believe we have the Box, they will try to neutralize our ship without destroying our engines.

I find it hard to believe a single mobile suit can neutralize the ship.
Ah, that says!

So, it turns out this ship is carrying something that's almost as important to them as the Box.

(16:05)
We can escape if we go now.
We could head back to Industrial 7.
You sneak onto a cargo vessel and find some place to hide in one of the Sides.
While you do that, I'll figure out some way to dispose of that machine.

Audrey...

If we don't do it...
That thing is just too dangerous.
I can't let anyone get their hands on it.

Now just wait a sec!

No, I will explain it to you later!

If you won't tell me anything, then how can you expect me to agree with you?
Stop trying to convince me by talking like this.
It isn't fair.
Audrey, what do you wanna do?
Don't tell me what it is that you should do, your responsibility.
Tell me what it is that you want to do.
If you do, I'll...
W-what are you...

You know why I am here?

Audrey!

Trajectory is set!
Catapult hatches one through four, open!
Mobile suit corps, get into launch position!

What's this?
Is the rich kid getting cold feet?

I don't know what you're talking about, but I pretty sure I heard your voice crack, Lieutenant Homare.

Ah, just wait till we get back.

Norm Basilicock, Romeo 001, launch!

Galoma Gorga, Juliet 002, launch!

Riddhe Marcenas, Romeo 008 taking off!

Severe damage port side catapult deck!

Liutenant Homare!

Harry up with the damage report!

Get out of here and head to the Moon!

Mr. Alberto, it's dangerous for you to be here.

That's the Sinanju!
It's the Red Comet!
You can't defeat it.

(grumbles)

Two years ago, our experimental mobile suit MSN-06S was stolen by Neo Zeon
while it was being transferred from the lunar city Granada to a testing ground at Von Braun.
The Federation Forces that were sent to get it back were completely wiped out.
And they say the one responsible is Full Frontal, the man they call the Second Coming of Shar Aznable, the Red Comet.

I've heard of this story before.
The "Ghost of Char", who destroyed two Clop-class ships with a single mobile suit.
Ah!

But Char went missing during the Second Neo Zeon War, never to be heard from again!

Be that as it may, your men don't stand a chance out there.
Their mobile suits are useless.
The Unicorn was made based on data collected from the Sinanju.
We've got to get out of here now!

If we run now, there will attack from behind.
Transfer the data to each section of the ship!
Our enemy is not a ghost.
Send in the mobile suit corps, too!

Idiot!
You have no clue!

That's the last time you speak to me like that!

(19:33)
There it is!

Stay back, Ensign Riddhe.
Stay in formation.

Galoma, below you!
That cannot be the real Char.

Lieutenant Angelo, we have multiple hostiles.
Shouldn't we cover the Captain?

Not at all.
We need only stand by and watch, Ensign Sergei.
We'd only get in the Captain's way.

At this rate, everyone will--

Attention all attacking mobile suits.
You are ordered to cease fire immediately.
We are holding Mineva Zabi captive aboard this ship.
I repeat: We are holding the Zabi heir, Mineva Lao Zabi, captive aboard this ship.
If you do not halt your attacks immediately, we cannot guarantee her safety.

Hold on.
She's the princess of Zeon?

We are prepared to begin negotiations.
I'm sure you'll make the right decision.

I have received the image.
I am Captain Full Frontal of Neo Zeon.
Tell me. What are your demands?

That's Char's voice...

This is Commander Daguza Mackle of the Earth Federation Space Force Special Operations Group, ECOAS.
We are requesting that you cease your attacks and withdraw immediately.
If you do, we can guarantee the safety of Mineva Zabi.

Can't we just have her back?

Let's take one thing at a time.
If you allow us to pass, then we can discuss that, once our ship has arrived in a safe location.

So you're holding her as your hostage.
However, we have no evidence that this person is the real Princess Mineva.

That seems rather cautious for the man that people are calling the Second Coming of the Red Comet.

To you, we're nothing but terrorists,
and since we are not part of your military, we cannot expect to be protected by international law, so you can understand our caution.

We have the highest regard for human rights.

Oh, that's quite a statement coming from people who send special forces into civilian colonies, and now using hostages as shields.
Now it's our turn to make some demands.
I request you hand over the materials you collected from Industrial 7
and all data pertaining to Laplace's Box.

And in exchange?

I'll guarantee your safe passage.
Unless, of course, you object to the terms

I have no objection.
However, we are unable to comply.
Because we never obtained Laplace's Box.

But you did retrieve a Gundam type mobile suit, did you not?

That's the property of the Federation,
and has nothing to do with Laplace's Box.

If you won't accept our demands, we'll be forced to destroy your vessel.

You would do that with the prisoner on board?

As her identity is unverified, she is irrelevant.
I'll give you three minutes.
I trust you'll come to a sensible decision.

He's bluffing. He wouldn't forsake the guiding star of Zeon.

I wouldn't be so sure...
If Full Frontal is in fact Char Aznable, he would be the son of Zeon Deikun, which means he holds the Zabi family responsible for his father's death.
Why should he care about me?

Interesting you should say that. You've removed any doubt in my mind that you are the princess.
And I bet that a good number of those Sleeves soldiers out there still believe in the Zabi family.

If you believe that, then by all means, continue this useless negotiation.
However, the soldiers of Zeon don't play as nicely as you do.
If you were a Zeon, all you'd be thinking about is how to destroy anything related to Laplace's Box.

She's right!
W-we should destroy the Unicorn's electronic system while we have the chance!
That thing is the "key", not the actual "Box", so if we destroy it, and the safety of the Box will still be--

Let's put the resolve of a Federation soldier to the test, Commander Daguza Mackle.
If you have the strength, then destroy the key and take my life.
Losing both the key and myself will undoubtedly deal a severe blow to Neo Zeon.
Otherwise, continue to wait for them to storm in and take it from you.
There's no time for indecision.

(24:40)
Audrey!
Stop talking like that.
You're only making it harder for everyone... and yourself.

Banagher...

Let's just go.
This isn't something you should be involved in.

My name is Mineva Zabi.

No, you're Audrey!
I don't care what your name is. To me you're still Audrey Burne!

Enough.
Children shouldn't concern themselves with adult matters.

If I'm such a child, then what about her?!

This girl is the princess of Neo Zeon.

Well if we're just children, then why is she your hostage?!
Is this how adults are supposed to behave?
Just being older make this right?!

Time's up.
What is your decision?
...Understood.
Then we shall destroy your vessel.

Here it comes!
Ready air defenses!
Mobil suit corps, be prepared to intercept them!

It's just a box...
Why can't you just hand the damn thing over to them?!
We don't even know what the Box is.
Why do so many people have to die for it?

So that no one else has to die for it.
Well we don't know the secrets hidden in Laplace's Box.
Some say it could overthrow the Federation.
What if we were to turn over the Box only to cause even more people to lose their lives?
Could you take responsibility for that?
How would you explain to all those families that their love one had to die because you didn't know?
Do it.

Cease fire immediately.
Otherwise we will be forced to execute Mineva Zabi.
This is your last warning: cease fire on us immediately.

If we just take down that red mobile suit, then you won't need Audrey as a hostage anymore, right?
I'll do it!

Stand down! Stand down!

Riddhe!

This is all your fault!
How could you...!
[XX] taking a hostage would work against a bunch of terrorists!

Ensign Riddhe, control yourself.
Guahhh...

Commander!
No... Commander Norm...
Bastard!
What was...
The Gundam?

The Gundam is on catapult one!

What the hell?!
Don't let it launch!

Gundam pilot, identify yourself!
You are not cleared for launch.
Return to the hanger bay immediately!

You did this!

This is a compromise that could work for everyone.
The Unicorn's performance is unmatched.
Even a pilot with no training can buy us enough time to get us safety.

You're practically giving the Box to them.

But that's only the key.
If the key is broken now, the Box will never open, and the Federation's interests will be protected.
That boy is never gonna give up.
I guarantee he'll keep fighting until the Unicorn is destroyed.
You can hear me, can't you, Banagher?
You already know how to initiate the system, don't you?

Banagher, don't do this!

That pilot suit you're wearing has a medical sub-system designed to reduce strain on the body from G resistance.
But don't worry about it.
Once the NT-D is activated, it'll kick in automatically.

NT-D?

That's the mode in which the Unicorn's performance limiters are disengaged.
You handled it the last time.
You should be fine.

Launch preparations complete!
Detaching from ship!
Here he is!
Wow!

It barely grazed him, but...
Captain!
I can't believe I fired.
It's Captain's battle field.
I've desecrated it.
I will make you pay!

Stay calm.

(30:25)
It doesn't matter how powerful you are if you can't hit me!

It dodged him for me?

Hmm? He has an I-Field?

Did I do it?
Audrey...
I got it.
This is it, Gundam.

Ah...
So we battle again, Gundam!

Pull back!
If you don't, they'll kill Audrey!

We can flank him! Climb!
Stop!
Don't get in too close!
Behind you!

The Quad-wing?
Forgive me, Audrey...

Why is that boy inside the Gundam?

My thanks, Lieutenant Cruz.

Urragh!

Forgive me, Audrey...

(34:30)
When I was a child, I saw a Zabi family speech on TV.
Sieg Zeon, Sieg Zeon...
I knew to be afraid even then.
A raving mob, thousands of them, shouting in unison, all because of your uncle Gihren Zabi.
Neo Zeon still chant like that, don't you, Princess?
So say it for me now!
Say it!
Tell me something, anything, to convince me that you're the Princess of Zeon.
Because if you don't, why would someone like Mineva Zabi risk her life by slipping aboard a Federation ship all by herself?
I guess we'll have to leave getting the truth out of you to the professionals.
There's just one last thing I want you to know.
He was calling your name until the very end.
Not "Mineva Zabi", he kept calling "Audrey".

You don't understand anything, do you?
And who exactly are these "professionals" of which you speak?

We...We have investigators.

Do you actually believe they will conduct an official hearing?
They won't let the public know I was ever here no matter what happens to me.
You heard how stubborn Full Frontal was and refusing to accept that I am Mineva Zabi.
Why do you suppose he would do that?

He was trying to...
I mean, he did it to undermine our negotiation tactics.

Take a step back and you'll see it.
How do you think I've managed to evade being captured for almost ten years?
And how do you think Neo Zeon has been able to establish military bases within the Earth Sphere?

Are you saying there have been backroom dealings?

The incident at Industrial 7 will disappear from your news reports.
It won't be easy for the families and friends of those who died to forgive it.
However, Spacenoids have grown accustomed to dealing with injustice.
In turn, the Federation has been using us as a scapegoat to channel their anger and frustration about these outrages... until now.

And Laplace's Box is what's upsetting this balance?

The Federation may have begun taking steps to resolve its relationship with Neo Zeon once and for all.
That's why the Vist Foundation is willing to sacrifice the source of its prosperity.

It sounds complicated.
I've always just thought of myself as a pilot.
My job is simple: operate my mobile suit and carry out any orders I'm assigned.
That's all I have to worry about.
Even if there's been corruption from time to time,
I've lived my life believing the Federation would do the right thing in the end.
But that's a lie.
Even when I was living under the shelter of my family, even then I tried not to see what was true.
But you, what made you do what you did, and alone?

You know, I had to deal with family issues just like everyone else.
And my family shouldered the blame for the One Year War.
I cannot separate myself from all their politics,
and if the same mistakes are about to be repeated, I must prevent them.
Even if doing so costs me my life, I choose to take responsibility.

Hey, Riddhe. There's activity around the ship.

The supply corps just came in.
They're probably restocking.

And I killed the cameras for you, too.

I know.
You are still a member of Zeon.
Even if there have been backroom dealings, you're an enemy here.
Your people killed Commander Norm and the others,
and that is something I won't be able to forgive.

Of course not.
You said your name is Riddhe Marcenas, didn't you?

Yeah.

So the family you mentioned was...

I really wish we didn't have to meet like this.
There's a lot I'd like to change.
(38:40)


(39:05)
They tell me there was a room just like this, in the last fortress of the former Principality, A Baoa Qu.
The Governor General of Palau is apparently an ardent sympathizer of the former Principality of Zeon.
I have to accept favors like this location graciously.
Even though the decor isn't my style.
I suppose it's a necessary trait of a leader.
Good job, Captain Zinnerman, and you, Lieutenant Marida. I'll take it from here.

Captain...

I know.
Princess Mineva being held hostage by the Federation was unexpected.
We will have many opportunities to rescue her using both force and diplomacy.
Just be patient.

Sir.

Char Aznable...

Come now, have a seat.
How are you feeling?
I've been told it was no small feat to get you out of that Gundam safely.

So, um...

Yes?

Was that you? Were you the guy I fought within that red mobile suit?

Do you have a problem sitting down to tea with a mortal enemy, Banagher Links?

You have good reflexes, even if you're a bit reckless.
However, that's a temperament not unbefitting a pilot.

This might sound rude, but may I ask... why do you wear that mask?
Are you hiding a scar or something?
I'd like to see your face, that is if you have nothing to hide.

You dare...!

It's fine, Lieutenant Angelo.
Banagher is right. It's a matter of etiquette.
I choose to wear this because it's my style.
But it serves as a tool of propaganda.
Most of the time I forget I even have it on until someone like you makes a point of mentioning it.
My apologies.
I've heard about how you met Princess Mineva.
But as for how you came into possession of that mobile suit from the Vist Foundation -- the Unicorn Gundam -- there is much I have yet to understand.
The truth is, the decision to turn over that machine to us had already been arranged.
So what would make Cardeas Vist suddenly choose you to be the bearer of Laplace's Box?

I was asked the same thing by the two who escorted me here, and I already told them everything I know.

The prosperity of the Vist Foundation was due to its pact with the Federation government and arrangement held in place by their secret possession of the Box.
But they choose to end all of that and give it to us.
It must have taken something significant to alter the plan, but even if something had gone wrong, why entrust the Box to a stranger?
What makes the most sense is that you have some relation to the Vist family. Well?

Is that a question I have to answer?

I said that's enough, Lieutenant.

You better learn "respect."

Of course, you're not obligated to respond.
We simply want information regarding Laplace's Box.
May I add that we're asking you respectfully because of your association with Princess Mineva.
Please keep that in mind.

Princess Mineva?
Audrey was very clear.
She said Neo Zeon must not get the Box.
She said if they did, it would mean war.

Oh.

And after what happened to our colony, Industrial 7, anyone would feel the same way.
She is a Princess of Zeon, isn't she?
If Audrey is against it, why are you trying to get the Box?
Why won't you listen to her?

Tell me, do you even believe in it? In the existence of Laplace's Box?
Do you believe in the existence of the Box that no one has ever seen and whose contents are unknown,
but nevertheless has the power to completely destroy the Federation government?

Well, I... I don't know...
But I do believe that even the smallest things like knowledge have the power to change the future of the whole world in an instant.

Such as?

Well... like Zeon's first colony drop, or hitting the earth with an asteroid to start global cooling, or centuries ago when they made nuclear weapons, or discovered Minovsky particles, or developed mobile suits.
Even though it looks stable, the world changes little by little right underneath our feet.
If an idea comes along at the right time, it could have the power to change everything.

Absolutely right.
And you seem to know your history well enough,
are you aware that space immigration was a policy of mass exile?
Even though the autonomy of the side settlers is recognized,
the central government retained the right to appoint its leaders.
And since the Spacenoids weren't allowed to vote, they may as well have had no suffrage whatsoever.
Not all of Neo Zeon adheres to a single doctrine, but what we do have in common is the belief that this unjust system must evolve.
In order to break from the oppressive rule of the Federation and realize the independence of the Spacenoids we had to--

But no one should resort to terrorism!
No matter how righteous you think you are, you can't just go around killing people!
It's never right to take another life!

You little hypocrite!
If it's never right to take another life, then you're as guilty as anyone for using the Gundam!
You killed one of our best men out there!
What do you have to say for that?

I... what...?

It may have been a stray shot, but that doesn't change the fact that you shot him down!

I don't think Banagher even knows what you're talking about.
He was probably acting purely on instinct.
Ensign Sergi was just unlucky.

No... Did I kill him?

Call for Zinnerman.
There is still so much you have yet to learn about who we really are.
I want you to understand us.
And it is my hope that given enough time, we will one day work together.

One more thing, who are you?! Are you Char Aznable, or aren't you?

As I am now, I consider myself nothing more than a vessel.
A vessel for the hopes of those abandoned in space, and for the ideals of Zeon that will light all our path to freedom.
So if that's what the people desire, then Char Aznable is who I will be.
And that is the reason why I wear this mask.
(46:40)
(46:47)
Palau.
It's a civilian mining field asteroid belonging to the citizens of Side 6.
Our intelligence agency's determined that this is the location where the RX-0 was taken.

You're telling me Nahel Argama is supposed to fight and break into that fortress alone?
Impossible!

This operation is under ECOAS jurisdiction and reinforcements have already arrived.
Might I add that it is unprecedented for two elite ECOAS teams to join forces like this.

Now what is the possibility of our success?
If we're supposed to recapture the RX-0, seizing control of one local area is not going to cut it.

Wow! It's Hyaku Shiki!

Have you ever considered all of the resources we have to dedicate toward preventing enemy pursuit?

So do you agree to this plan, Captain?

Hm...

If we're going to attack a stronghold, shouldn't we be assembling all of Londo Bell forces?

It seems like Headquarters is asking us to die in battle.

We're taking every precaution by sending out two teams of very expensive special forces.
That's the best anyone can manage for a covert operation.

Nobody asked for your opinion!

The only reason the RX-0 is lost now is because of what you did.

Yeah! You are right.

I-I realize this situation is rather unexpected, but if it hadn't happened, that ship would have been des-- Hm?

I'll be back.

(48:10)
Damn it!
You call those reinforcements?!
Covert?!
Don't make me laugh!
Just a bunch of washed-up suits spouting desperate excuses to make up for their complete and utter failure...Ahhh...

We've been made aware of the orders from Headquarters.
How do you intend on proceeding?

Do you even have to ask?
The Box is supposed to determine the fate of the world, so we have no choice but to go.

I have no objection.
I agree with our orders.
However, if it's all the same to you, we're choosing to look at this as a hostage rescue.
We owe the boy that much at the very least.
And I know how we can do it.
I believe this ship has been equipped with a hyper mega particle gun, hasn't it, Captain?

(49:06)
The Federation's movement has me concerned.
Depending on the situation, we might need to abandon this location.

You think the Federation is going to attack?

How's the analysis of the Unicorn Gundam going?

(49:40)
Hey, are you from the Federation?

Let him eat in peace, Tikva.

I'm only here because these people forced me to come.

Sit still and eat properly, young lady.

You a prisoner?

Something like that.

Well then you're lucky that you ended up our prisoner.
If you were a Federation prisoner, they wouldn't give you anything to eat or drink, and you'd be tortured.

Tikva, that's not proper dinner time discussion.

The Federation doesn't do things like that.

They do.
My dad even said so.
He was a prisoner on Earth and Captain Zinneman helped him when he was locked up in the camps.

You know many people's friends were killed because of Zeon and whole families too.

Us too obviously.
That's war for you.
But Zeon did everything it could to fight for the Spacenoids.
And you're a Spacenoid like us, aren't you?
So how come you're on the Federation's side?

That's enough, young man.
Are you gonna make me angry?

Does it even matter? Is war ever justified?
Even if what we're saying is "correct" that still doesn't change the facts Zeon dropped an entire colony and killed a lot of people.
And all of those people who were killed, they couldn't choose if what we're dying for was justified.
They weren't told anything about it.
And one day suddenly they just...
It's not fair, not at all.
There was nothing else I could do.
I never intended to kill anyone, but if I didn't, I would been killed.
I'm not... I'm not a murderer.

Come with me, now.

(51:25)
I don't disagree with what you're saying.
No war is ever truly justified.
However, to save human lives, we can't always be righteous.

This was built back when Palau was still in the asteroid belt.
When you look back at the earliest space pioneers, they were mostly beggars and political criminals.
They sought to settle in space because there was nowhere else for them to live.
They say when the Universal Century began, the Prime Minister stated that we were "bringing an end to the Era of God".
For the people who lived in the asteroid belt the sun was indistinguishable from any other distant star.
They needed a light to guide them.

A light...

Nothing can live without light.
But the people abandoned in space eventually found a new light to replace God,
and the new light that they found to guide them was Zeon.
It gave them hope where there was despair.
So they could overcome the impossible and keep living in this cruel world.
It held out the shining promise that we could all become better.
You might find it foolish to put your faith in something so intangible.
There were those who would say that ideas like this are not essential to life.
I think that those people must be either very lucky or very deluded.

Humanity alone possesses a God.
Somebody once said that to me.
He told me about, ‘ The power to transcend the now, the inner God called "possibility".'

He must have been a romantic.
A person cannot believe that without a strong faith in humanity and the world.
Sounds like a nice person.

Ensign Sergi...
Don't worry about the lives you take when you're in battle.
When you go into battle you become one with your machine, a combat unit called a pilot.
There's no room for regrets.
That said, you are already entangled in the situation, and it's best you remember that.
As for taking action to help protect Princess Mineva, I thank you.

Hey, do you...Umm... I mean...

Marida.

Ms. Marida, do you pilot a mobile suit too?

When we're short on manpower, yes.


Eat up. You better finish before we get into combat.

It's you...

We're getting out of here. We're going to Earth.


Sorry, man.

Hey, wait!

What's wrong?

Uh, nothing...


The 3rd port... 14th space gate... 12:00 a.m.
If you are unable to do so, we cannot guarantee the safety of your life.
Your life!?
This time... the battlefield is going to come here.



(ending)


Please feel free to add or correct it. 
