
  The Principality of Zeon is a gigantic space city state floating beyond the moon. It is dominated by the Zabi royal family who have attempted to impose a dictatorship on all of humanity. Sovereign Degwin Zabi was instrumental in launching the war and yielded power to his eldest son, Gihren Zabi. Faced with the superior preparation of Zeon forces, the Earth Federation was at a loss on how to defend their population. The passengers of the White Base ship managed to survive the Zeon attack. Due to the efforts of the young crew they escaped from Side 7 and returned to Earth. After bringing down Garma Zabi, the White Base crew make their way across the Pacific.



The Threat of Zeon



[The crowd yells loudly as final preparations are made for the funeral. Inside, Degwin listens to a prior recording from Garma.]

Garma: I'll be returning to Zeon within the next 2 months, Father. So before then, you can expect a military triumph from me so that everyone will know that I've earned my promotion. After all, I don't want our people to accuse me to rising the rank of Admiral just because I'm your son. Well then, I'm looking forward to seeing you very shortly, Father.

Kacilia: Our people are waiting for you outside and you're still here. I do understand how you feel about Garma leaving us so soon, however you must fulfill your royal obligation. It's your duty as the sovereign.

Degwin: I know that.

[The Zabis head outside and sit.]

Crowd: Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi! Zabi!

[Meanwhile, on a Zanzibar arriving on Earth...]

Ranba Ral: So, you said you found something interesting.

Klamp: I've discovered a warship we don't have listed, so I'm unable to classify it.

Ranba Ral: Let's see.

Klamp: The Trojan Horse perhaps?

Ranba Ral: Mmm Hmm.

Hamon: Is this our chance to avenge Garma and earn Dozle Zabi's gratitude?

Ranba Ral: Let's not rush it. Their position is quite far from our base. We'll have to figure out if it's feasible to travel such a distance.

Klamp: The Zanzibar can certainly handle the long haul, but the rest of our fleet is made only up of tiny re-entry capsules.

Ranba Ral: Yes, I realize that.

Hamon: Then dear, are you telling us that you're going to let them go?

Ranba Ral: Hmm. I'm quite aware it is my duty to avenge Garma. I'm not going to ignore direct orders, that's for sure. Not when they come from Admiral Dozle.

Hamon: But we're right in the middle of an atmospheric re-entry which will make it extremely difficult, please be careful.

Ranba Ral: Hamon, you hate the type of man who would let an enemy just walk away without lifting a finger to stop them.

[Amuro repairs something in his room.]

Fraw: I'm coming in, Amuro! Making more repairs?

Amuro: Yeah.

Haro: Amuro, you seem very sad.

Amuro: Think so?

Fraw: What is that?

Amuro: Gundam's spare computer.

Fraw: Eat now, Amuro before it gets cold.

Amuro: Alright.

Haro: Amuro, your brain waves are low! Amuro, your brain waves are low!

Amuro: I'm fine, Haro.

Fraw: Haro, don't disturb him. Come with me. I'll come pick up your dinner tray in a little while, alright?

Amuro: Yeah, she's right, I'll eat.

[Amuro eats. On the bridge...]

Sayla: The number 3 nozzle of the main engine shows 2 percent loss on thrust, which will hinder us.

Bright: And what would that mean in absolute terms, Sayla?

Sayla: 40 tons.

Bright: Why wasn't it properly maintained before it got to this position?

Mirai: Well, there was no time and we had to keep using it.

[The kids come on the bridge with a vacuum.]

Bright: This is a Federation ship, not a playground! Get out!

Mirai: Mr. Bright!

Kika: We're only trying to help you guys out, we're not playing so don't be mean to us! (cries)

Bright: Please check the number 3 nozzle for any damage. Mirai, I'm taking a break. [To Kika] I'm sorry, carry on with your cleaning. Thank you.

Kika: Nyah!

[Bright goes into his room and sits down. The door knocks.]

Bright: Enter. What is it?

Mirai: Nothing.

Bright: I think I know what you're gonna say.

Mirai: Oh, I'll say it anyway. You always have to be the responsible one, don't you? Everyone's counting on you.

Bright: I seriously doubt that.

[The alarm goes off.]

Bright: What is it?

Sayla: They look like Zeon re-entry capsules but they seem much large so I can't be certain if they're some other type of vehicle.

Bright: I'll be right there.

[Meanwhile, at the funeral, the casket is taken out.]

Kacilia: By the way, what has been done about Char?

Gihren: Kacilia, I believe he's gone back home. Hasn't he, Dozle?

Kacilia: Really.

[A man comes up to her. She whispers in his ear.]

Man: Yes, right away.

[White Base fires at the Zanzibar as it comes in. The Zanzibar fires back and hits White Base.]

Marker: Block 6 has been damaged.

Bright: Can't we out run those ships?

Mirai: We can't, they're using speed from the re-entry and our engines aren't capable of running at full power.

Bright: Head into that cloud on the starboard side, Mirai.

Mirai: Are you absolutely sure you wanna navigate White Base through a thunder storm?

Bright: I'm sure. We'll lose half the fire power in the beam cannons, Mirai, but there's no choice.

Mirai: Yes, sir.

[They head through the clouds and lighting almost strikes White Base.]

Mirai: Ugh!

Letz: What's that, Fraw Bow? What is it?

Fraw: It's a new Zeon weapon. Don't worry, whatever weapon they have, Amuro will take Gundam and save us.

[Amuro looks at the lightning through the window and remembers Icelina pointing a gun at him.]

[On the Zanzibar...]

Soldier: The Federation has some kind of new super weapon Lt. Ral.

Ranba Ral: Don't panic, it's a natural occurrence called lightning.

Hamon: Dear...

Ranba Ral: I've seen it on Earth before so there's nothing to worry about my dear Hamon. Although I understand it really does look frightening up close like this.

Hamon: Well, now that we all understand it's a natural phenomenon, shall we continue our pursuit?

[On White Base...]

Omur: Port side main engine losing power. I don't know if it'll hold.

Bright: That's really bad timing. ECM?

Mirai: We're transmitting it at full capacity.

Bright: Well, we're going to have to land somewhere and try to deal with this. We're just wasting Minofsky particles now. Can you do it?

Mirai: I'll do my best.

Marker: Forward infra-red observational monitor open.

Bright: Begin scanning the surface with the laser. We'll land there. Confirm the direction and angle to enter it. Can you do it, Mirai?

Mirai: Yes I can.

[White Base lands on the shore.]

Mirai: We've landed. All engines are off.

Bright: Good. You've done a fine job, Mirai. Gundam, Guncannon, Guntank! Prepare for sortie! Standby anti-aircraft guns!

[Ryu comes in Amuro's Room.]

Ryu: Huh? Hey Amuro, what are you still doing here, c'mon let's go! Hey, Amuro!

[Amuro sits in his bed glassy eyed.]

Ryu: Amuro, Amuro! Get it together 'cause we have a sortie!

[Ryu slaps Amuro.]

Amuro: Ryu!

Ryu: Kid, spacing out in your room isn't doing you any good.

Amuro: Ryu.

Ryu: C'mon, get up Amuro.

Amuro: Hey, I'm with you. You don't have to hit me, okay?

[On the Zanzibar...]

Engineer: Lieutenant, the Trojan Horse has disappeared! They're out of range of the laser net as well, sir.

Ranba Ral: They won't dare to get out of this storm so keep searching for the Trojan Horse as long as our fuel supply lasts.

Engineer: Sir! Releasing panoramic infra-red camera. No response on ultra-sound.

Ranba Ral: There's a lot of islands in this area.

Engineer: Sir.

Ranba Ral: How inconvenient. If we had full use of the radar we could have finished them off by now.

[On White Base.]

Amuro: I can do it myself thanks, I'm okay.

Ryu: Do you think you're ready?

Amuro: Yes.

[Amuro puts his helmet on and spaces out again.]

Ryu: Amuro, you sure about this?

Amuro: This helmet I'm wearing feels kinda strange. It's suffocating.



Commercial Break



[A Komsai passes by White Base.]

Bright: Just keep on going...

Pilot1: Are you positive?

Pilot2: The magnetic response is really strong.

Pilot1: Then send out a FW signal.

[They send out a flare.]

Technician: We've sighted a flare, we believe the Trojan Horse has been found. Flare has been confirmed at 7 o'clock, sir.

Ranba Ral: You sure it's not lightning?

Technician: Yes.

Ranba Ral: Good, hard to port.

[On White Base...]

Oscar: Enemy aircraft...

Bright: Amuro, Ryu! Prepare the Gundam and Guncannon and fire missiles even if you can't see anything at all!

[White Base shoots but doesn't hit anything.]

Ranba Ral: So that's the Trojan Horse I've heard about. Gather all the data on the ship. Commence attack!

[Amuro is still in a daze as he heads to Gundam. On The Zanzibar...]

Hamon: I like to see you getting prepared for battle. I'd rather prefer it to watching you sit around on the bridge shouting orders like a traffic cop.

Ranba Ral: Me too, I think being on the battlefield suits me better. See ya, don't let anyone interfere with this.

Hamon: Sure.

[He heads to his Mobile Suit, the Gouf.]

Ranba Ral: Hakuse!

Hakuse: Yes Lieutenant.

Ranba Ral: Cozun! Are you ready?

Cozun: Ready to go.

Ranba Ral: Hakuse, Cozun, be careful. This is our first battle on Earth. If the enemy Mobile Suit appears, don't stray too far from our ship.

Hakuse and Cozun: Roger!

Ranba Ral: I'm off Hamon.

Hamon: May you triumph, my dear.

Ranba Ral: You relax, my sweet.

[The three Mobile Suits head out and land. On the Komsai...]

Pilot: Miss Hamon, I'm afraid that we're running out of fuel and can no longer provide assistance to Lt. Ral and the men in the Zakus.

Hamon: Thank you. I order you to head to base immediately and we will be following you very soon.

Pilot: Roger, we wish you success.

[On White Base.]

Mirai: What's going on? Look Bright, the Komsais are all leaving now.

Bright: They're probably low on fuel, Mirai, this is our chance. Gundam and Guncannon! Are you ready yet? The Zakus have just landed on the ground.

Ryu: Amuro's got battle fatigue, all of the rookies seem to get it, Mr. Bright.

Bright: Get him going! There's no other way for us to defend against the Zakus, we need Gundam!

Ryu: Throw him in the fire, is that it? Amuro, sortie! Hey! We're launching! Amuro, we're about to launch!

Sayla: Amuro, the catapult is set and we're ready to launch. Do you hear me, Amuro?

Amuro: Uh.. yeah, I do yeah.

Sayla: I can't hear you.

Amuro: I'm launching, aren't I?

Bright: Sayla, never mind! Just launch Gundam quickly now!

Sayla: You got it! C'mon, Amuro, you can do it!

[Gundam is launched and collapses on the ground. It is hit by a weird electric metal whip and falls back.]

Amuro: What's that?! It's a Zaku? It can't be? No, Zaku? That's thing there's a new kinda Mobile Suit!

Bright: I've never seen that type of Zeon Mobile Suit. Ryu, Kai! We need you to give Amuro support! Get a move on and prepare to cover the Gundam!

Ryu: Sir.

[They fire at where the Gouf is standing.]

Amuro: Bright, I'm gonna attack, look out! Oh no!

[Amuro gets shot at by the 3 Mobile Suits.]

Amuro: Ah!

Ranba Ral: Hakuse, throw the cracker!

Amuro: What the...?

[He does, causing more damage to Gundam. The Gouf jumps at the Gundam and is shot at.]

Ranba Ral: Amazing power... But can you withstand the heat rod?

[The heat rod grabs Amuro's bazooka and destroys it.]

Ranba Ral: Impressive maneuvering... that pilot is good. But why wasn't he blown apart by his own bazooka ammo?

Hakuse: Lt. Ral, on your left!

Ranba Ral: Hmm?

[Guncannon fires at him.]

Hakuse: There's another one!

Ranba Ral: Another Mobile Suit? What?

Ryu: Hurry it up, Hayato! Make sure you give Amuro plenty of cover. C'mon, let's make it snappy!

Ranba Ral: Hakuse, Cozun, you two deal with the other Mobile Suits. I'll go after the white one.

Amuro: I don't care what kind of Mobile Suit you have! I'll get you guys!

Ryu: Amuro, don't get too close to that new Mobile Suit! It's weapon!

[The Gouf beats on the Gundam. He charges it and punches it. Gundam takes out its beam sabre but is blocked.]

Ranba Ral: This is no Zaku boy, no Zaku!

[He knocks Gundam over.]

Amuro: That thing's got more armor and more power than a Zaku, it's completely different!

Ryu: Get up, Amuro!

[Guncannon fires, forcing the Gouf to flee.]

Ranba Ral: Hakuse, Cozun, retreat back to the ship!

Hakuse and Cozun: Roger!

[They retreat. The Zanzibar covers them.]

Soldier: They're on board, lock them up.

Hamon: Attention bridge, aim the blinders at the Trojan Horse and depart from the combat theatre right now.

[The Zanzibar uses the blinders and escapes.]

Amuro: What's that? They, they ran away. Or maybe they spared us for now.

[At the funeral, broadcast everywhere...]

Gihren: We have lost a hero to our glorious and noble cause. But does this foreshadow our defeat? No, it is a new beginning. Compared to Earth Federation, the national resources of Zeon are less than one thirtieth of theirs. Despite this major difference, how is it that we've been able to fight the Federation for so long? It is because our goal in this war is a righteous one...

Bright: This is Garma's funeral. It's nothing more than a propaganda campaign aimed against the Federation. Amuro, you can learn a lot from this.

Amuro: Yes, sir.

Gihren: It's been over 50 years since the elite of Earth consumed by greed took control of the Earth Federation. We want our freedom! Never forget the times when the Earth Federation has trampled us! We the Principality of Zeon have had a long and arduous struggle to achieve freedom for all citizens of out great nation. Our fight is sacred, our cause divine. My beloved brother Garma Zabi was sacrificed. Why?

Char: Because he was a spoiled brat.

Gihren: War is at a stalemate. Perhaps many of you have become complacent. Such a lack of compassion...

Char: Bartender!

Royal Guardsman: That one's on me. If you don't mind.

Char: Royal Guard?

Royal Guardsman: That obvious?

Char: It's the smell. You're one of Kacilia's.

Royal Guardsman: I'm impressed, Commander.

Gihren: ...we have wasted too much time with words. We need action now! The Earth side elite must be taught a strong lesson for their evil corruption! This is only the beginning...

Fraw: I was so worried, Amuro.

Amuro: I'm really sorry I had you worried there. I'm feeling alright.

Fraw: You're doing just fine.

Amuro: Thanks so much.

Gihren: Many of your fathers and brothers have perished valiantly in the face of a contemptible enemy, we must never forget what the Federation has done to our people! My brother Garma Zabi has shown us these virtues through his own valiant sacrifice. By focusing our anger and sorrow we are finally in a position where victory is within our grasp and once again our most cherished nation will flourish! Victory is the greatest tribute we can pay those who sacrificed their lives for us! Rise, our people rise! Take your sorrow, and turn it into anger! Zeon thirsts for the strength of its people! Hail Zeon!

Crowd: Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon!

Amuro: Is this the enemy...? Is it?

Bright: What a bunch of nonsense. This man's trying to turn the Zabi family into a royal dictatorship.

Amuro: Dictatorship?

Crowd: Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! Hail Zeon! ...



Preview:
Amuro's home in the fringe lands, where ally and enemy struggle. Where despair lingers among the people. The reunion with his mother is met with misfortune. Seeing his mother again does not bring Amuro peace of mind. Mobile Suit Gundam. Next Episode:

Coming Home

Who will survive?


