
  (0:10)
Message from ECOAS.
Object ball has been placed in pyramid spot, sir.

Attention.
Initiate Phase 3.
This ship will now breach enemy air space at maximum combat speed.
We will launch a hyper mega particle cannon attack against the Neo Zeon stronghold.
This one strike will determine the success of the entire mission.
I expect all crew members to be at their best.
(0:36)
(1:15)
Nashiri Team is proceeding to Phase 2.

Good.
Proceed to target extraction point.
On my mark.

I'll wait until Banagher Links has been retrieved.
Once I have confirmation, we'll join with Team Alpha to recapture the Gundam.

(1:36)
This will be a strike-and-fade operation.
After the advance team has separated Palau's four asteroids, we'll fire the hyper mega particle cannon to seal off the military port.
The plan is to retrieve Banagher Links and the Unicorn during the confusion.

So then, you will only attack Palau's military facilities?

Yes.
The Federation has spies there, too.
Do you really think that we'd risk endangering the residential block?
That look on your face says that you'll go back and warn them if you have to.

...

Guess you'll just have to trust me.
We may be at our closest point in orbit, but it’s still two days to Earth.
I could only scrounge up a little bit of food and water.

I’m prepared to do what I must.

What’s going on, Mr. Ensign?
Are you helping her escape?
I mean, isn’t she a prisoner of war?

Hold on!
I know what this looks like, but…

E-Ensign Riddhe!
The Ensign and I are going to Earth.
Just because he is accompanying me does not mean in any way that he is a traitor.
He is not betraying you or the Federation.

…

I realized that given my current circumstances, there is something that only I can do.
Likewise for Ensign Riddhe.

Like I could believe anything from the mouse of the Zeon princess!

This is a very important matter.
To prevent this conflict from escalating further, I have no choice but to go.
Ms. Micott…

Don’t assume this means I forgive you.
Let's say you owe me one.
Now go to the Earth and do whatever you have to do.

(3:30)
Dad!
What’s with these last-minute orders?
I don’t understand, you just got home.

Don’t you worry.
I’ll be fine.
Just look after the family for me.

Uh...

The kid made a run for it, huh?

My apologies, master.

He won’t be able to get off Palau.
Still, I may have underestimated him.

(4:27)
A leading explosion flashes in Palau’s connecting shafts!

We’re about to enter enemy airspace.

Cut the engines.
Inertial flight.
Transfer all power to the hyper mega particle cannon.

Disperse Minovsky particles at combat density.
Mobile suit corps, launch in sequence.

This is insanity!

Hyper mega particle cannon ready to fire.

Prepare to attack once we reach the designated point.
And remind all friendly suits to stay clear of our line of fire.

Yes, sir.

Bridge to all mobile suits.
We are about to fire the hyper mega particle cannon.
All deployed mobile suits, evacuate field of fire immediately.

You reach our firing decision in.
48, 47, 46… 34…
24, 23...
Three, two, one.

Fire!

You better flee there soon.
I'm coming to get you.

Tikva!

Mom!

(7:24)
Sir, we're two minutes past the scheduled rendezvous.
There are still no signs of the target.

Banagher.
Where the hell are you?

What do you mean, this bay is blocked?

Access is cut off!

I know.
There's a depressurization along the connecting shafts.

Access and lifeline both have been cut off.

The 14th space gate.
That’s it.
What are you doing here?
It’ll take more than rescuing me to end all of this.
It’s not safe for them if we stay.
Not me, certainly not you.

(9:28)
Juliet 005, laser signal terminated!

Multiple enemy contacts!
Friendly suits are being surrounded!

Send in our own escort suits to back them up, and take us in as well.

Anti-air defenses, open fire!
Release dummy asteroids!

Any word from ECOAS?

Communication is still dark.

Hmmm…

We walked right into their trap!
They anticipated everything we were gonna do.

Captain!
I’m reading a new comm signal from Palau.

Is it ECOAS?

Negative.
It’s not ECOAS.
It’s the Gundam!

They’re not attacking with much, are they?
It’s the Nahel Argama.
Huh?!
Come on…
Come on, hurry!
You have to let me go!
If you don’t, the Federation will keep attacking!
Do you want to turn Palau into a battlefield?
Uahhhh…
Why?
Why wouldn’t you listen?

(11:03)
Did we walk into a trap?

We’d better go.
You have an obligation to help your team.

But I’ll be fighting your own forces.

Don’t worry.
That’s not your concern.
You can’t turn your back on them now.
Follow your heart.
If you don’t, you’ll regret it for the rest of your life, you know that.

You got me.
I’ll break away once our forces withdraw.
Sorry, but you're stuck with me until then.

All right.

That should give you an excuse.
Now go home.

Here comes another one.

It’s Unicorn Gundam!

But who…

Must be a new Federation model.

Banagher!
Banagher Links, that’s you in there, isn’t it?

Audrey?
Audrey, is that you?

You’re all right.
Banagher, it’s me, Mineva!
I - I mean, Audrey Burne.
I’m so glad that you’re safe.

What are you doing here?
Are you piloting that suit?

And I’d like to know what you're doing in the Gundam.
What happened to the ECOAS team?

Who are you?

Ensign Riddhe Marcenas.
Remember? You caught my good-luck charm.

Oh, Ensign Riddhe?

Banagher!

I’m taking her to Earth.
We have to go.

To Earth?

I’ve given this a great deal of thought.
Ensign Riddhe’s father, Ronan Marcenas, is a member of the Federation Central Assembly.
He is an influential figure on Spacenoid Policy.
I will meet with him and tell him everything that has happened.
As the heir to the Zabi bloodline, it’s important that I resolve this situation peacefully.

Slow down there a second!

I get that this is a lot to take in so fast.
I understand your confusion, but we’re looking for the best solution.

You have to return to the Nahel Argama.
The Federation will cease their attack once they have you and the Unicorn.

Mineva, I mean Audrey, will be fine.
I give you my word.
This Delta Plus is equipped for atmospheric reentry.
We got everything we need.

Audrey, just answer one question.
Is this what you really want?

Yes, I believe that it is.

All right, then.
Ensign Riddhe.
I’ll take your word on it.
I’ll expect you to take care of Audrey.

He sure knows how to motivate someone.
We've burned up too much fuel already.
We have to use the mass driver.

But Ensign, Banagher is go…

I know that.
This is between me and Banagher now.
I’ll ask you to stay out of it.

(14:36)
Hey, did he give up already?
That damn quad-wing.
What?

Securing that mobile suit has top priority, even if all that remains is the cockpit.
No war is justified, is it?

Ms. Marida? Is that you?

But how did…?

It's Banagher!
Banagher Links!
If that's you, you have to listen…

Surrender immediately, Banagher Links.
If you don't, I'll toast the cockpit.

What are you doing in there?

Who I am doesn't matter.
Right now, you and I are nothing more than combat units called pilots.
Shut down your main generator right now.

Combat units?
You’re wrong.
You’re Ms. Marida!
That's how I knew it was you.
I could feel you.
Palau is your team's home, right?
If the Federation gets the Unicorn back, they’ll retreat.

That’s the rhetoric of an enemy pilot.

Audrey's here, too!
She came to stop all the fighting.

The Princess?
Tell me where she is.

Please consider not fighting just for now.
Think of all the civilians at Palau, like Mr. Gilboa and his family.
They could die.

If you surrender to me and tell me where to find the Princess,
we'll withdraw our forces, too.
Look at you.
You talk about how you want all the fighting to stop, but your perspective on it is that of the Federation.

I'm not!
I'm not on their side.
You people are too single-minded!
That's why Audrey doesn’t want you to have the Box!

More rhetoric from the enemy.

Damn you... stubborn idiot!

Gundam!
(16:45)

NT-D activation confirmed.
The enemy has engaged the Kshatriya.

Our psycho-monitor reception might force us to come out from behind Palau.
Keep a close eye out for enemy ships, as well.

A task fit for a cyber-Newtype, then?

Why are you leaving Marida to fight alone?

This is a job that only the Lieutenant can perform.
The way to activate the NT-D is to get him to fight someone who could be a Newtype.
We’ve installed a psycho monitor aboard the Unicorn.
We’ll intercept any Box data that gets revealed by the activation of the NT-D.
Since we cannot analyze the La+ Program itself, our best option is to break the seals one by one.
To accomplish that, we had to use the Federation’s inside man to bring Banagher back to the Unicorn Gundam.
It is of course regrettable that I had to leave you in the dark, Captain.

But Marida is a…

Yes, Captain, I know.
A cyber-Newtype can’t be said to be a pure Newtype.
But then again, what exactly is a pure Newtype?
No one has the answer to that.
What we need at this moment is a catalyst that will trigger the NT-D.
Until now, we haven’t seen what this Gundam is capable of.
We are going to have Lieutenant Marida draw out its true nature.

(18:08)
Funnels!
Unh!
Funnels!
Uh!
Don’t you recognize me?
Impossible!
Who are you?

What’s going on?
Is it the boy that’s making that happen?

Not exactly.
At this point, the pilot is just a processing mechanism for converting received psycho-waves into hostility.

Then, what exactly is piloting that Gundam?

That would be the NT-D.
It stands for Newtype Destroyer System.
If it identifies the enemy as a Newtype, the suit’s performance limiters are disengaged.
It combines the paranormal interface of the psycho-frame and the power to control an enemy’s psycommu weapons.
A Newtype hunting machine.

But that’s impossible.
No normal human could handle something like that.

Indeed, they could not.
Which is precisely why you need a cyber-Newtype, an enhanced human being.
Should a machine ever be able to destroy a Newtype, that is the day they will all be consigned to history.
Universal Century is approaching its hundred year.
The UC Project was aptly named, indeed.

Guh!

Or more simply put, you threw Marida out there to be bait?

Ple twelve.
That is her designation.
She is an artificial Newtype who has been engineered through cloning and genetic modification.
The 12th in the series of prototypes.

(20:56)
Master, you died?
Why?
What should I do, Master?

What a foul little girl.

What will you do with a child like this?

She supplies what some of my clients want.
Starting today, I am your new master.

But she’s so young.

You’ve had that dead weight removed right? Come on!
What army?
If you’re some kind of Zeon fugitive, I’m calling the police.
Ha!

That’s enough.
I’m sorry.

This is…
This is all too sad.

Compassion alone cannot save people.
It can’t erase sin or wash away our impurities.

But in spite of it all.

But in spite of it all.

(22:08)
Roger that.
We’d also like to observe the inspection of the captured suit, over.

Tactically it makes no sense. It almost looks as if that quad-wing was intentionally set up there to fight alone.
This whole thing just doesn’t feel right.
Can we be sure they didn't rig it with a bomb?

I seriously doubt they’d need to resort such tactics only to take out the Nahle Argama.
That said, it is possible that the boy was allowed to escape.

If this was for nothing, I’ll be very disappointed.

You’re not the only one.

(22:53)
Banagher...

Looks like it’s over.
And the Gundam has been taken aboard the Nahel Argama, along with that quad-wing.
They'll probably say I was killed in action.
We have no choice but to keep moving forward.
There's no going back. For either of us.

The NZ-666 Kshatriya.
Judging by the model number, it’s probably made by the Neo Zeon.
There’s a psycho-frame installed around the cockpit, but it’s an old one.
I bet they repurposed one of the Anaheim prototypes.
They could have those leftover from Char’s rebellion.
Ah… Captain Otto?

Huh? Oh.
You said that only Granada on the moon has psycho-frame manufacturing facilities?

Yes, sir.
Since developing of the technology was officially halted, they’re completely responsible for it, including maintaining its secrecy.

And why was it halted?

I heard it was because there were just too many unknowns.
Even with the Unicorn, you’ve noticed when the NT-D is active, you can see a glow from the exposed psycho-frame between the armor.
While we don’t know why it does that, and we’re the ones who build it, sometimes that glow can be converted into physical energy.
Aah… I didn’t see any of the combat records, but I bet it was a pretty one-sided fight, right Captain?

Captain!
Message from sickbay.
The prisoner’s vitals have stabilized.
In addition to her external injuries, she seems to be in a weakened state, so she won't stand an interrogation.

About these scars from burns and lacerations all over her body, what cause those?

Ah… Dr. Hasan said that her reproductive systems were also…
In the final days of the first Neo Zeon War, a Newtype Corp made up entirely of clones was sent into battle, but they were all supposed to have been wiped out.

It would seem one of them survived. So this is what became of her.
We’ll leave her interrogation to HQ.

Understood, sir.

I sure hope this is the last…

Detour we’ll make?
I hope so, too.

(25:11)
I don’t think that will be necessary.

Of course it is! She’s a cyber-Newtype.
If she doesn’t get her medication, won’t she go berserk?

She’s a type that was genetically designed from the ground up, so there’s no need to suppress her immune response.

But, doctor!

Even her emotional state is stable, and besides, her injuries are severe.
As a doctor, I can’t allow my patient to be put into a straitjacket.

But she’s a Neo Zeon, remember?
She might even try to hurt you!

Ms. Marida would never do that!

Banagher…
I didn’t realize.

How are you feeling?

A straitjacket…
Are you serious?

This is none of your concern, Banagher.

She’s hurt, plus Ms. Marida is an officer.
Don’t you people have rules for how to treat prisoners of war?

The Sleeves are terrorists.
Even if she is an officer, she’s still a criminal.

But she…she’s not!

What happened to you at Palau?
Were you brainwashed?
She’s the pilot of that quad-wing!
She’s the one responsible for all the destruction at your own colony.
I can’t begin to calculate how many of our people she’s killed.

I know…
But if you can’t see the enemy for who they really are...

We’ll put her under guard.
Please notify us when you intent to move her.

Yes, ma'am.

(26:30)
Think about it.
Not even Ensign Riddhe came back, did he?

What are cyber-Newtypes, anyway?

The result of a delusion.
That one might be able to create Newtypes artificially.
To make a long story short, that was the sophistry they used to violate their ethics so they could create human weapons.
You know the basic Newtype concept?

Yeah, by living in space, we’ll be able to understand each other without misconceptions.

That’s right.

If we could be like that, then there wouldn’t be any reason to go to war anymore, would there?

You know, somebody once said to me that mankind was constantly at war because we were stuck on the cusp of a new stage of our evolution.
And that if there is any chance for us to become Newtypes, he said cyber-Newtype research should be allowed.
If we leave evolution to Mother Nature, mankind will never make it, or kill ourselves off long before Mother Nature has a chance to fix us.

I think that’s a pretty sad way of looking at things.

I agree.
That’s why we have to work on understanding each other with whatever limited abilities we have right now.

(27:41)
It seems our roles have been reversed.
Don’t stare at me like that.

I’m still a bit fuzzy.
Can you tell me what happened back there?

You must have been swallowed up by the machine.
A psycommu backflow.
You think you’re controlling it, but then suddenly it’s controlling you.
I sensed powerful negative intent.
It was probably the instinct of that system embedded in the Gundam.
To seek, hunt and destroy Newtypes, even artificial Newtypes.
A machine isn’t capable of discerning natural from artificial.
But people are another story.
They can feel the difference.

But even you…

I have a master I must follow.
Even if I was created artificially, my entire being is devoted to deserving him and his will.
My master’s desires are my desires, and I oppose what my master opposes.

But that’s like a curse.
You’re killing yourself little by little, don’t you see that?

I saw inside you.
You and I might be two of a kind.

What is that supposed to mean?

If I don’t see you as an equal, then losing to you would be too humiliating.
Still, the Gundam did stop.
Your will, your foundation forced the system into submission.

My what?

People like me don’t have that.
That’s why we can merge our consciousness with machines.

Ms. Marida!

Never mind me.
From now on, you’re going to be forced to make so much harder decisions.
Just remember, keep telling yourself, “in spite of it all, stay who you really are”.
It’s the foundation of what makes you yourself.
The power that awakens that other system, the one sleeping inside that Gundam…
the Box was…entrusted to it so it could…

Ms. Marida, Ms. Marida!

What’s wrong?

Banagher looks sad, Banagher looks sad.

No one knows the princess has gone.
The Captain and the others XXX
I just wish we could tell Ensign Mihiro that Ensign Riddhe is alive.
She's all torn up.

I didn’t know they were an item.

An item, an item.

Don’t quote me on that, but still.

I wonder if she made it to Earth all right?

He’s protecting her, so I’m sure she’ll be fine.

You don’t seem like yourself.
You were never this composed about her before.
(30:41)
(31:03)
Begging your pardon, sir!
Master, we’ve just received an urgent communique from the military.
It’s about Master Riddhe.

Princess Mineva has gone down to Earth?

The intel comes from a sympathizer inside the Federation Government.
He told us a mobile suit used Assembly privilege to cross their defensive lines.
It seems likely--

Could it not have been a diversion?

Where is the Mock Trojan Horse?

They’re approaching geosynchronous orbit now, sir.

As expected.
They’re headed for the designated coordinates.
I believe this time we’ll get something.
It’s far too perfect a place to break the La+ seal.

The Klimt.
A shuttle used by the Vist Foundation to transport works of art, eh?

Looks like they’re doing a little orbital sightseeing above the equator. They're not even accelerating.

If we’re assuming that they came out here to meet someone, think it could be…

Whatever their objective is, if they really are planning an orbital rendezvous, that will leave them vulnerable.

So do we attack, sir?

We’ll be scraping atmosphere.
Can we pull it off?

We'll sure as hell give it a shot.
Laplace’s Box notwithstanding, we can’t just leave Marida to stew aboard their ship, can we, Captain?
Flaste, the helm’s yours!

Uh, wait a minute.
Captain, you sure about this, sir?

I suppose.

(32:38)
The Nahel Argama will conduct an inspection of the coordinate airspace.
Before the Unicorn is shipped off to Luna II, information regarding the key to Laplace’s Box will--

Is there a problem, Alberto?
You're not looking well.

Oh, not at all.
It’s just that after all these battles, the men are exhausted.
And well…I, I was just thinking, couldn’t this matter have been left to another unit?

You wouldn’t be getting attached to them, would you?
Once you’ve landed on Earth, you’ll be able to relax.

Landed on Earth?

I’ve chartered a transport for you.
Use it to take the cyber-Newtype who’s being held prisoner to Augusta in North America.

Augusta?
Ah!

Right.
The labs have been shut down but the facilities needed for readjustment are still operational.

What exactly did you have in mind?

You know, if Grandfather had simply told me the location of the Box, I wouldn’t have to resort to such underhanded measures.
I don’t know what Grandfather and Cardeas’ goal was, but if the Box was lost, then the Foundation’s fortunes will be lost with it.
Keep in mind, there is activity within the Federation Government to try to gain the Box for itself.
Don’t let petty sympathies get the better of you.
Our very lives depend on Laplace’s Box.
I’m counting on you, Alberto.

(34:08)
I won’t do it!

That wasn’t a request.
If the Unicorn is piloted through the coordinates given by the La+ Program, there’s a high probability that another seal on the program will be broken.
I’ll ride along with you.
Here’s the plan: you’ll take the suit to the appropriate coordinates, and that’s a direct order.

You saw it, back at Palau, the suit just…
Besides, I’m not even a soldier, I shouldn’t have to take orders from you.

You're not a soldier.
And you don’t have to take orders.
But you do have to start taking responsibility for your actions.
You stepped on the battle field three times now in a powerful experimental weapon.
Some lives may have been saved, but others were lost.
You’ve taken it upon yourself to interfere in the destinies of a lot of people, both friend and foe alike.
And for that you have to take responsibility.

But how?

By seeing it through to the end.

You want me to keep fighting until I die?
Is that your plan?
Or am I supposed to help you with your crazy treasure hunt--

I'll leave you to think about that.
You have to choose, all you’re doing now is running away from the problems you’ve made for yourself.

Listen to me, people are going to die!
Are you telling me my responsibility is to go kill people?
Tell me, how am I supposed to choose to do something like that!


Don’t be so hard on him.
He has to see things from that perspective, it’s his job.


What is it, Commander?
Something wrong?

No, something just occurred to me.
If I had a son of my own, I would've gone through this a lot sooner.

(36:05)
I haven’t been this close to it since my grade school came here on our field trip.

Well obviously this is the first place that comes to mind if you ask anyone about Laplace’s Box.

Latitude, zero.
Longitude, zero.
Altitude, 200 kilometers.
The wreckage of Laplace has passed this point every day for almost a hundred years.
Well, if nothing's been discovered here by now, I doubt we'll turn up anything new.

Back when I was a child, this had already been removed from the school tour list.
Captain, Commander, I want to thank you for assisting us.

Well I don’t expect me to say the pleasure was all ours.
You cause me and my crew a lot of trouble, that’s right.
We won't be forgetting your face.

I regret I can’t observe the investigation personally.
May fortune continue to smile on you in battle.
Good day.

That’s strange.
He’s usually so obsessed with the Box.

I guess, in the end, he’s just an errand boy.
Anaheim will get the investigation results via Staff HQ.

You suppose that’s all there is to it?

Hmm?

Transporting a prisoner on a civilian vessel, it’s against procedure.
Why would Headquarters allow that?
What do you think they ultimately have in mind for her?

Their cover story, such that it is, is that Luna II doesn’t have the facilities to care for a cyber-Newtype.
Hmm?

RX-0, launch!

Feels like piloting it now, doesn’t he?

The Nahel Argama is currently in a low orbit over the Earth.
In principle, it’s no different from operating in space, but if you don’t constantly maintain the prescribed speed, the Earth gravity could pull you in.
So be careful.

Got it.

When we were told to attack Palau on our own, I'll be honest with you, we were already pretty ragged.
Then Commander Daguza came to me.
He called it a hostage rescue operation.
He said we owed it to you to get you out of there.
Commander Daguza is acting with the kind of responsibility we should all have for one another.

(38:17)
What is it?

Nothing.
Mr. Daguza, do you have a question what it is you’re doing?

I’m just a cog in the machine known as the Federation.
I simply follow orders, there's nothing for me to question.

I’m not certain of anything.
Not even who my friends and enemies are.
Someone like that isn’t qualified to pick up a weapon, is he?
I didn’t wanna set foot in this thing ever again.
Even if it meant that I will be letting him down.

Here is another perspective.
There are people you have to take responsibility for, people close to you.

You talking about Takuya and Micott?

Once we get back to Luna II, what happens to your friends will depend on what we report.
And the contents of that report will depend on your actions now.

Still taking hostages?

See it however you chose.
But right now, their fate is in your hands.
At least for now, it looks like you’re making the right choice.

Another launch confirmed.
It appears to be on a rendezvous trajectory with the suits that launched before it.

Is it the Gundam?

Unable to confirm.
No response on the psycho-monitor.

So we can’t track it in its single-horn configuration.
What’s the status of the Federation ship?

They’re moving to rendezvous now.
That is, assuming the Mock Trojan Horse decelerates to orbital velocity.
Estimated time to contact approximately ten minutes, 360km above the equator.
East longitude 15degrees, 28minutes.

Just as we were told.
It looks like their plan is to rendezvous and then inspect these coordinates.
We'll take our shot when all their suits are away at the Laplace wreckage.

Roger that, sir.
The Garencieres has finally gotten a job that’s right up its alley.

All right, hot shot.
Don’t forget about your family waiting for you back at home.

Of course, I won't.
You can count on me to bring Marida back, sir.

I will.

(40:09)
It’s possible that the La+ Program displays data when it recognizes the suit’s coordinates.
The last time the NT-D activated, it didn’t display any new information.
The station wreckage passes through these coordinates every day at exactly zero hundred hours.

The prime minister’s residence that was destroyed by a terrorist attack?
If the Box was hidden in such an obvious location, don’t you think that someone would've discovered it by now?

We have absolutely no idea, which is why we’re checking it out.
We’ll have only one chance to make contact.
Stay focused.

Conroy, I want you to report if you noticed any change, no matter how minor.

Roger that.

T-minus 2 minutes to destination.

To save this world from overpopulation, a massive space settlement plan was necessary.
And to carry it out, we needed to create an organization with absolute authority, an organization to act as God.

The Federation Government?

A vengeful God that would crush without mercy anyone who dared oppose it.
This sabotage of the prime minister’s residence was the best things that could have happened for the Federation Government.
The Federation retained all its authority under the pretense of preventing terror.

You make it sound like the Federation may have staged the attack itself.

In the real world, things like that sometimes happen.
Thing is, no one involved back then is alive today.
All that endures is the tradition of living in fear of the Box, and the symbiotic relationship with the Vist Foundation.

Tradition…?

It’s just the way things are, no one person’s going to change that.
Nobody even feels the slightest bit of aspiration to change it.
It could happen in any organization.
You can’t blame the cogs in the machine trying to maintain the status quo.
And to maintain the balance in the system, all the Box had to do was to stay put for a hundred years.

(42:24)
T-minus 15 seconds to destination.
12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
We‘ve arrived sir, passing through designated coordinates.

The suit’s systems are nominal.
How's it look?

No change.

How does it look out there?

There's no change, sir.
Either to the Unicorn or the Laplace Station wreckage.

Greetings, citizens of Earth and space…

Where’s that coming from?

What is it?

Unknown.
Can you trace the transmission from your end?

We are detecting radio waves emanating from the RX-0.
Please advise.

It’s coming from here?

I’m reading the same.

The signal’s coming from the Unicorn?
Was the seal broken when it came into contact with the Laplace Station wreckage?
What’s the status of the NT-D?

So far activation has not been confirmed.
Shall I delay our departure so that you may observe, sir?

Inform the Klimt that our departure time may have to be delayed due to extenuating circumstances.

Mas… ter…

Minovski particles?

The density is rapidly increasing.
But I’m unable to pinpoint the direction of the dispersal source.
The pattern isn't normalizing.

Prepare for anti-air combat!
All hands, put on normal suits!
We may have an enemy ship mixed in with those civilian vessels out there.
Anti-air defenses, keep your eyes peeled.

Sir, we’re inside Earth’s Absolute Defense Zone.
Camouflaged or not, it couldn’t have snuck a fleet-scale force out there.

That’s exactly the problem!
If they’re planning on attack us using a small force, it means they have a plan to do it effectively.

(44:48)
Commander!

Banagher!

Something’s coming.
The Nahel Argama is being targeted.

Recall the investigation team now!
We’ll use the ECOAS Lotos as makeshift gun turrets.

Roger.
What about the Unicorn?

It’s piping out some crazy speech.
Have them evacuate the area before it becomes a target.

Yes, sir.
Attention all mobile suits, this is the Bridge.
Abandon the mission and return to ship immediately.

What is it?

There!

Can you tell how many?

There's one.
No, there’s another formation following it.

The enemy squadron is pinned down near the wreckage of Laplace Station.

Good.
Gilboa, don’t stay any longer than you have to.

Roger that.

Be careful.
That Gundam is moving faster than we thought.
It looks like it’s the only suit to have left the Laplace wreckage.

The kid did seem to have good intuition.

There's one thing that's bothering me.
You don’t think that this speech playing is all that’s going to happen, do you?

Who knows!
The NT-D isn’t active yet.
There has to be something still hidden.

Laser signal received!

From the Rewloola?

No, not from them.
It’s from…

Full Frontal.
Here so soon?

(46:06)
Use your beam magnum!
You can hit him at this range.

No way.
It’s too powerful!

Now is not the time to hold back!

I have to get closer.

Do you think this is a game, boy?!
Take out the enemy as soon as you can.
If you let them go now, they will come back later and kill your people or even you!

Of course it’s not a game.
I take it seriously when my life or anyone’s is on the line! I’m doing everything I can, all right?!

Stay back, Banagher!

Mr. Gilboa?

We won’t destroy the ship.
Our mission objective is just to get Marida back, all right?

You’re kidding…
But how?

Don’t worry about it, just stay back.
There’s no reason for you to die here.

Mr. Gilboa, wait!

Take back the prisoner?
RX-0 to Romeo010, request relay.
The enemy’s objective appears to be retrieving our prisoner.
Enemy reinforcements?

The Red Comet…

(47:20)
We will leave the Mock Trojan Horse to the Garencieres Team.
As for us, we will attack the Unicorn and force the NT-D to activate.

Sir!

And don't hold back!
Fight like you mean to take it down or it won't activate.

Without a question!
Now allow us to clear a path for you, sir!
He’s toying with us!
I will not allow you to go easy on me.
Now stop playing around and turn into a Gundam!

You’re not aiming properly!
Return fire!

I am!

Where's the investigation team?

There was a delay in reeling in the Lotos.
They won't be back for another five minutes.

It’s too late, postpone the shuttle departure!
We have to get to somewhere safe now!

Battle’s already begun!
We have to get off the ship!

Wah, the prisoner is awake!

Woah…

(48:50)
Fight like you mean it, Banagher!
Once you face off against them, the NT-D should activate.
If you keep this up, we’ll be pummeled to death!

But if I go all-out, what will happen to you?

This jump seat isn't much, but I’m pretty tough.

Maybe I should just hand this thing over to them…

And what would happen to the Nahel Argama without the Unicorn?
Those people are professionals.
If they retrieve the prisoner, they won’t pass up a chance to take out an enemy.
Your friends are aboard that ship.
Think of them.

I know that.
Believe me, I know.
How can I forget, but still…

Open the hatch.
Hurry!

What are you gonna do?

This will help you fight, won’t it?

No…no, you got it all wrong, that’s not what the problem is!

Banagher, a little while ago, I saw the NT-D start to engage.
It looked as though it was reacting to you personally.
To your heart, which felt something as you were listening to the voice of this ghost of Laplace.

Reacting?
My heart?

This is not a killing machine that was designed to eradicate Zeon.
There’s something else, something special about the Unicorn.
And whatever that thing is, it response to your heart.
Maybe that's what the La+ Program really is.
A guidepost that tests your heart as it leads you to the Box.
Whoever designed this was one crafty son of a bitch.

I’m sure that…

There’s no time for that now.
Once I go outside, you move in and wait for my signal.

What are you planning to do?

Even a cog in the machine has its pride.
Now you go and play your own part.

My part…?

You know within here.
It’s the one place for you can decide for yourself who you are.
Don’t ever lose it.

Who I am.
It’s my responsibility.

(51:15)
All that’s left now is the Unicorn.

This isn’t about pride and I'm not trying to redeem myself.
I just listen to my heart.
It’s nice to know that even cogs have them.
It feels good to have hope.

It’s him!

Use your Vulcans!
Potshots anything, just fire!

Now!

Banagher!

Da…gu…

You are my hope.
It’s all up to you now, Banagher…

You killed him!

Captain!

It turned into a Gundam!
Cuaron, you have your orders.

What an amateur.
He’s behaving exactly like the simulation predicted.
We’ll move in and flank him!

The only thing we need is the cockpit.
Destroy the rest!

You tricked us!

Angero, retreat!
This is no ordinary opponent.

You monster!

Captain, please withdraw!
This isn’t worth your life!

Laser contact with Sinansu has been lost!
We can’t pick it out from the rest of debris!

And the Gundam?

The psycho-monitor still on line.

If we track that, we can get a lock on it.
Alter heading and trajectory at once!
We have to retrieve both suits before they get pulled in by the gravity well.

With me at the helm, sir?

It’s an atomospheric assist maneuver!
I know you can manage, Flaste.

Gilboa, your time’s up.
Come on back.
You’ll never be able to infiltrate the Mock Trojan Horse like this.

But sir!
If we don’t act now…

Abort the operation.
That’s an order!
Gilboa Team, redeploy and rescue the Frontal Team.

I’m gonna take you down, or else!

Banagher!
If you can hear me, stop this!
If we keep this up, we’ll both burn in the atmosphere!

This time I won’t miss!

Banagher!
Tikva…
Just look after the family for me…

Mr. Gilboa…
No…
(56:10)
  