
  Narrator: The Principality of Zeon, a gigantic space city state floating beyond the moon is dominated by the Zabi royal family who are determined to control all of humanity. Gihren Zabi, leader of the Zabi family, began his battle with the Earth Federation in order to force all of mankind to kneel before him. The White Base, which had managed to survive Zeon's attack, escaped from the space colony Side 7 and descended to Earth. The young crew, however have been forced to continue fighting one battle after another. And for Amuro, saying goodbye to his long lost mother was an even heavier burden.



Time, Be Still



[At a Zeon Base...]

Magician: I call this trick victory to the principality.

[Doves go out. the crowd boos.]

Giel: Get out! I don't need that stupid bird on my Zaku, I need ammo!

Quaran: Hey Giel, yelling at the pigeons won't get you far, leave it alone!

Giel: This close to the battlefront and all I do is scrape bird droppings off my Zaku!

Quaran: Hey, come on down now, Giel, we gotta talk.

Giel: Alright. What is it, isn't the rec crew out here?

Quaran: Yeah, it's gotta be boring without any girls.

Giel: You mean, the Federation's Mobile Suit is out here?

Quaran: You know Sol of a Kongai, right? He gets reports from command and I heard it from him.

Giel: And does that mean our unit is heading out pretty soon?

Quaran: Dolt, we're just a patrol unit so the last thing they're gonna do is send us out to fight. Plus, we've got a pretty nervous CO and he's not gonna want to start something.

Giel: And so...?

Quaran: We've been thinking of hitting that Federation Mobile Suit with just the younger guys in our patrol.

Giel: What? You really wanna hit that Mobile Suit?! And how many of these things do we have to deal with?

Quaran: Well Giel, the commander says it's okay for us to take out the enemy on our own as long as we don't get him into any trouble. If all goes well then they'll have no choice but to send us home. Back to civilization where we'll kick up feet and enjoy nice clean bug free Zeon.

Giel: Yeah, but what about... there's only my one Zaku in this entire unit so what about you guys, huh?

Quaran: Hey Salt, tell him the plan okay?

Salt: So far, our adversaries depend on one Mobile Suit and it's not much better than a prototype.

[Meanwhile, White Base is being resupplied by the Modilla.]

Matilda: The engine repair will be completed by the crack of dawn, there's nothing to worry about. Now, you were wanting to ask me about something?

Bright: You're well aware that we're not regular soldiers, so why are you bothering to resupply us and do all these extensive repairs on White Base, Lieutenant?

Matilda: The Federation doesn't want to abandon the White Base after everything they've invested, and they do intend to send a ranking officer who will act as your superior. However, there's a big offensive being planned in Europe. Your small crew has been winning tough battles with no commander thus far and I'm afraid the Federation simply does not have any officers available for you right now.

Bright: Lt. Matilda, is it really that bad?

Matilda: The Zeons are in the same situation, and now that the White Base's primary mission is turning out to be data collection, you'll just have to do the best you can.

Bright: Data collection?

Matilda: Right. We've discovered that amateurs tend to devise more interesting strategies than professionals. We can pick up any information on your battles from the memory on your computer.
Bright: So... what you're saying is you ignore us on purpose so we can be guinea pigs?

Matilda: You don't like being a guinea pig, do you, Ensign Bright?

Bright: Well I haven't received such orders. Me...? Ensign?

Matilda: Yes, well anyway, that's what General Revil said. They'll notify you of your new rank soon enough.

Bright: They sure like to jerk us around.

Matilda: If it wasn't for General Revil intervening on your behalf, you would have been court-martialed long ago.

Bright: Hmm...? Court-martialed?

Matilda: Yes.

Bright: What is it, Amuro? It's your time to sleep so why don't you keep your schedule!?

Amuro: Sir.

Matilda: Soldier? It's like Mr. Bright has told you, sleep is an important part of a pilot's job too.

Amuro: Yes ma'am, I-I'll keep that in mind.

Bright: I don't believe him. Is it really so criminal to have taken control of White Base and Gundam Lieutenant? Well is it?

Matilda: Until recently, my good Ensign Bright Noah.

[Amuro goes back inside.]

Fraw: So, where did you go, Amuro?

Amuro: The restroom.

Fraw: It's that way.

Amuro: Yeah, well whatever, Fraw. What is it?

Fraw: Nothing, nothing, Amuro. Let's go, Haro.

Amuro: What was that?

[Later, the Modilla takes off.]

Bright: Hey... have you had your meal yet, Amuro? Amuro, have you had your meal yet?!

Amuro: No, no not yet.

Bright: We're gonna breach the Zeon patrol so I want you to have Gundam ready on standby, alright?

Amuro: Yes, sir.

[White Base takes off.]

Marker: Sir, this is Lt. Matilda's flight path. And this one here is ours Mr. Bright. Both routes are clear, sir.

Mirai: Do you think we have any chance of making it through successfully?

Bright: I suppose it's up to the Zeon.

[Meanwhile on the Modilla...]

Matilda: I'm sure I saw it. Something shining on the port side.

Pilot: The minofsky particles are too dense for us to identify the object so we have no choice but to send out a flare, Lieutenant.

Matilda: There's no patrol scheduled here, so be careful. No response to the flare? Descend, we'll escape using full combat speed. Prepare anti-aircraft guns.

Zeon Pilot: It's a Modilla transport traveling at full combat speed.

Captain: It doesn't seem to be carrying a load, I bet they must have unloaded near here.

Zeon Pilot: Yeah, maybe it resupplied the Trojan Horse that Chief Quaran was talking about.

Captain: It's possible, send out a flare.

Zeon Pilot: Right.

[At the Zeon base...]

Quaran: Quick, get the Zaku ready!

Giel: Right.

Quaran: Hey, tell the Commander we're moving out immediately.

Giel: When I attack them with the Zaku they'll automatically retaliate with their Mobile Suit. Tell Chief Quaran to be ready to jump in.

Assistant: Right, Sargent.

Giel: Quaran, don't be late.

Salt: Hey, wait up Chief Quaran!

Quaran: Salt, hurry up! When the Mobile Suit comes out we'll follow the plan we discussed yesterday. Don't forget that we all go home if this works out. Salt, you ready?

Salt: Sir.

[They take off .]

Guy: Why are they up so early?

Man: That's Quaran for ya.

[In the Zaku...]

Giel: I see it, there's the Modilla transport.

[He shoots at it.]

Matilda: Return fire at 1 o'clock now. Make a hard descent. I bet that fire is coming from a Zaku, skim right over the enemy.

Giel: That's pretty fast for such a big transport vehicle. Hey, where is it? I wish I had lagoon support right now. What?

[The Modilla attacks, he shoots it.]

Pilot: The container's been hit!

Matilda: Doesn't matter, keep going!

Giel: Ah!

[On White Base.]

Marker: Laser analysis... the Modilla's in combat!

Mirai: Matilda's in trouble.

Bright: Attention all crew, the Modilla has been snared by enemy patrol, White Base will provide support.

Amuro: Mr. Bright, it's me. Why don't we launch Gundam? Let's do that instead 'cause White Base isn't prepped with supplies.

Bright: Yes, but are you up for it? Are you sure?

Amuro: Sir, I'm ready to launch.

[Gundam heads out.]

Amuro: Is that it? I hope nothing bad has happened to Ms. Matilda.

[He shoots down the Zeon plane.]

Giel: Oh no, it's the Federation's new Mobile Suit!

Pilot: Gundam, look!

Matilda: Yes, but he didn't have to bother trying to help us. Let's escape from here so this wasn't all a waste of his time.

Pilot: Right.

Amuro: Good luck to you, Ms. Matilda.

Matilda: Please don't get too out of hand, Amuro.

[The Zaku hides from Gundam.]

Amuro: Did I get him? Hey, what's that noise?

[He shoots and kills some guys. A guy approaches on a hover craft.]

Amuro: That's it? How are they gonna attack Gundam with just machine guns? There's nothing wrong at all, why am I shaking so bad? Hey! You're not getting away!



Commercial Break



Amuro: You shouldn't have come out!

[Amuro shoots at the fleeing hover crafts.]

Quaran: Hide under the trees now! Don't get hit from above!

Amuro: Where are they? Ah!

[The guys on hover crafts head out.]

Quaran: Hah.

Salt: I'll get you now!

[He places a bomb on Gundam. Other soldiers do as well.]

Amuro: What could that be? What in the world are they trying to do?

Quaran: Look for weak spots on the armor! Ah!

[White Base arrives.]

Bright: Amuro, answer me, Amuro! Did you destroy the Zaku, Amuro?! Can you answer me?

Quaran: The enemy ship's arrived. Pull back and shoot at the bombs on the Mobile Suit!

Salt: Go. Lousy pilot.

Quaran: Listen, all we have to do is hit one of those bombs and that Mobile Suit is gone forever.

Amuro: You don't know who I am, you think I'm a weakling?! I'll show you my power.

[They hit the bomb on the shield and blow it up.]

Amuro: My shield's just been... i-it's been blown apart! Yes, I see now, they've flown around Gundam and planted bombs on me. They're gonna...!

Soldiers: Ah!

[They fly off. Amuro gets out of the cockpit.]

Amuro: No...! There's one here! What? How many of these bombs did they plant on my Mobile Suit?

Bright: What's going on, Amuro?

Amuro: They planted bombs all over Gundam, Bright. This isn't a good spot, I'll move to the clearing up ahead and check.

Bright: Right. Roger that. Get Omur down there now. He's the bomb expert and he'll be able to give us a hand here.

[The Zeons watch.]

Soldier: So we have to sit here and wait 30 minutes for our bombs to go off?

Quaran: Just be patient. I never thought it'd be so easy to plant bombs on that Mobile Suit.

Salt: I wonder if their crew can save the Mobile Suit in time.

Quaran: It would be much better if it could be done by remote control. It'd definitely be kaboom!

Salt: You bet, a regular patrol unit like ours doesn't get supplied with stuff like that. I wonder if their experts can remove all the bombs in 30 minutes.

Quaran: There's 5 left right? We had 6 bombs but there's on that blew up the shield. I can't wait.

[In the clearing...]

Omur: I'm not really sure what to do. All I can tell you is its set to detonate in a short period of time.

Bright: Amuro, can you tell us anything from the x-rays that might be of any use to us?

Amuro: Well... it doesn't really tell me a lot. This thin wire here should work like a time key but that's about it. If we tear off the plastic explosive from the magnet, we'll set it off, right Omur?

Omur: Yeah, that's right.

Amuro: We've got no choice but to take them off by hand.

Bright: Alright then I'm doing it, go.

Amuro: But this is my responsibility, please let me do it. There's very little time, so please head to safety. I'll get on it.

[Meanwhile...]

Soldier: Huh? It looks like pilot's removing the bombs.

Quaran: If they have any sense they should know those bombs are automatically set to go off in a short while. That pilot's removing them? Huh? There's 12 minutes left until it's all over, is he really serious about this?

[Amuro works on removing the bomb and does it.]

Salt: It's incredible but he's removed 2 bombs already.

Quaran: He's got guts, or maybe he's just crazy. Is he on the third one already?

Salt: Well it looks like they've got the crane up.

Quaran: Hmm... 8 minutes left... will he make it?

[Amuro works on removing the bomb.]

Fraw: Why are we just standing around watching instead of helping him out? If we all pitch in it will get done much quicker.

Bright: They all might explode any second now. We don't want to sacrifice anymore than absolutely necessary. And Amuro's the one who volunteered to do it.

Fraw: What do you...

Mirai: Please, no Fraw Bow..

Fraw: let go, Mirai, you're a coward just like the rest of them, you're all cowards!

Mirai: Say what you want, Fraw Bow, restraining yourself is also a sign of bravery. We just can't allow you to sacrifice yourself along with Amuro.

Fraw: You've got it all wrong. Why Amuro? He's a pilot. Why can't I do it instead?

Mirai: That's not the point, Fraw, you'll never be able to handle those bombs better than Amuro.

Fraw: Mirai... you're horrible.

[Meanwhile...]

Quaran: Won't he give up?

[Amuro removes the 4th bomb.]

Amuro: If these explode now... that's it for Gundam and me.

[He imagines Gundam blowing up.]

Quaran: He's got another one or two yet?

Salt: Yep, I think so.

Soldier: He sure is persistent.

Salt: What kind of soldier would be this crazy?

Quaran: They're on a timer and we gotta assume he knows that so he must be pretty brave to keep at it knowing they can explode at any second.

Salt: Hey, let's recruit him for our side!

[They laugh. Amuro removes another bomb.]

Salt: He's taking a lot of time, where'd he go?

Quaran: Let's see. It looks like he went around back.

Salt: Yeah.

Quaran: He's running out of time now!

[Amuro finds the last bomb underneath Gundam's arm.]

Amuro: Oh no!

Bright: Amuro!

Omur: It's too late... Amuro...!

Fraw: Amuro, no!

Bright: Alright, all we have to do is raise Gundam's arms and legs a little. Take over the bridge!

[They head there to help him.]

Bright: No, I want you guys to hold back and remain on the White Base.

[Hayato gets in the cockpit and raises the arm.]

Bright: Great, that should be good.

Quaran: One minute and 20 seconds. I don't think he can do it.

Bright: Amuro, hurry, it's taking too long!

Amuro: Okay! Go for it Kai!

Kai: Alright guys, I'm driving one kilometer.

[They drive off with the bombs.]

Soldier: Look, they removed them all!

Quaran: Just 18 seconds left.

[They drop off the car and escape in the other one just in time as the bombs go off.]

Quaran: (laughs) So much for going back to Zeon. I suppose we're not the only ones who are willing to risk our lives in this meaningless war. Hey, what do you think he's like, that fool who removed all those bombs?

[A few minutes later, Amuro leans on the Gundam and drinks some water.]

Amuro: Got any more?

Fraw: Sure, you bet. Huh? There's a car coming.

Bright: What?

Kai: Looks like a civilian truck over there. It's a station wagon.

Bright: That's strange, in this remote place? What are they doing?

[The enemy soldiers drive up in the station wagon.]

Quaran: Hey, check this out!

Salt: A Zeon mobile suit?

Soldier: I don't think so.

Mirai: Who are you men and what are you doing way out here?

Guy: Well we're just a bunch of guys who are from around this area.

Blond Haired Guy: Now that wouldn't be a Federation Mobile Suit, would it?

Salt: Hey, is the guy that's wearing the cool white uniform there the pilot of that colossal looking Mobile Suit?

Quaran: What's wrong, did you hurt yourself, Mr. Pilot?

Salt: Don't look so serious, Mr. Pilot.

Quaran: Keep up the fighting and make us all proud, soldier boy! Good luck, kid!

[They drive off.]

Amuro: Lucky guys... I envy people who get to live on Earth. They're so care free.

Bright: They planted the bombs, Mirai, those were the soldiers.

Mirai: Sure seems that way to me.



Preview:
The Gallop and Gouf appear in the desert. Sayla, is desperate to know the fate of Char and launches into battle against Bright's orders. Her reckless actions put the White Base in danger as Amuro attempts a rescue. Mobile Suit Gundam, Next Episode:

Sayla's Agony

Who will survive?

