
  Narrator: It is the year 0079 of the Universal Century. A half century has passed since Earth began moving its burgeoning population into gigantic orbiting space colonies. A new home for mankind. Where people are born and raised... and die. Nine months ago, the cluster of colonies furthest from the earth called Side 3 proclaimed itself the Principality of Zeon and launched a war of independence against the Earth Federation. Initial fighting lasted over one month and saw both sides lose half their respective populations. People were horrified by the indescribable atrocities that had been committed in the name of independence. Eight months had passed since the rebellion began. They were at a stalemate.

[Footage of Colony being attacked, fight between Zeon and Federation forces, colony crashing into Earth]



Vote to Attack



Narrator: Luna 2. An asteroid brought into lunar orbit to provide building materials for the space colonies.

[On White Base...]

Paolo: When we're near Luna 2, you can request permission to enter port under my authority. Commandant Wakkein will handle things from there. Ugh!

Bright: Please get some rest sir. I'll find those pain killers.

Paolo: Go.

[They go into the hall.]

Kika: We have supplies!

Fraw: How many here?

Civilian: 7 I think.

Mother: Excuse me, could I possibly get some hot water to warm the milk.

Kika: Here you go.

Man: How long before we get to Luna 2?

Fraw: We'll be there in about an hour.

Old Woman: Can you tell me when we're going to get our food rations for the day?

Sayla: The cart's coming down the hall now.

Bright: Sayla!

[They ride the elevator up.]

Bright: Where were you before you relocated to Side 7?

Sayla: Do I really have to answer that?

Bright: Uh... no.

Sayla: On earth.

Bright: This is my first time, out here in space I mean.

Sayla: A member of the earth born elite?

Bright: Are you being sarcastic?

Sayla: Can't take a joke, Mr. Bright, huh?

[They reach the bridge.]

Sayla: I'll take over, I just have to watch the gages, right?

Mirai: I'd appreciate if you could, just until we dock. Thanks.

Marker: They're still there.

Mirai: I think it's just a question of time before they try it again.

Bright: What?

Mirai: Char's next attack.

[On the Musai...]

Char: Papua supply ship? You think an old wreck of a boat like that is gonna have what we need?

Dozle: Try to be realistic Char.

Char: I am, but...

Dozle: The sad truth is we don't have the resources we had in the past. Char... I sent 2 Zakus. Capture the enemy Mobile Suit at any cost!

Char: Sir! (thinks) I requested 3, and this is what I get. And we still don't know the full capability of the Federation's Mobile Suit.

[In the White Base dock...]

Fraw: Amuro, where are you?

Ryu: Fraw! He's up here in Gundam's cockpit.

Fraw: Again?

[She brings by some food.]

Fraw: Amuro, I brought you food and clean clothes and I think you should take a break. Your clothes are starting to smell a bit. And you're hardly eating, you've got to take time to eat.

Amuro: I'm not hungry.

Fraw: Don't let what Bright said bother you.

Amuro: That's got nothing to do with it, I'm only doing this to protect myself.

Fraw: Oh... that's the reason?

Amuro: Yeah.

[On the bridge.]

Mirai: Why do you think Char's Musai hasn't tried to attack us again Mr. Bright?

Bright: They're probably still uncertain about our ship's capabilities.

Mirai: Or maybe... they're holding off because they've ran out of supplies and ammunition.

Bright: Hmm. But...

Mirai: But...?

Bright: It may be a ploy to make us think they're in trouble.

Oscar: It looks like another ship is approaching Char's Musai.

Mirai: Reinforcements?

Oscar: I can't be sure. They'll hook up within about 15 minutes.

Sayla: Maybe it's exactly what Mirai said it was.

Bright: No, we can't assume anything. What if it's a battle cruiser armed with missiles?

Mirai: But if they are bringing supplies and weapons to Char's Musai then it might be the best time for Amuro to attack the ship while their guard's down.

Bright: You want me to risk an attack?

Mirai: Well, if they strike again, do you think we can survive another attack?

Bright: We haven't got any experienced soldiers so we'd be completely exposed. Operator! How long will it take the enemy to transfer supplies from ship to ship?

Marker: If it's just weapons, it'll take 10 minutes.

Bright: So, that's 25 minutes.

Sayla: Why don't you ask the Captain?

Bright: I don't like that tone. I'm the one in command now, got it? Hayato! Give me your opinion.

Hayato: Well, however tough the opponent is, if he's off balance you can defeat him. So, even a small guy has a chance of beating a big guy. Heh, I learned that in Judo class.

Bright: Hmm. Ms. Mirai, call everyone to the Bridge immediately!

Mirai(on the intercom): Attention, emergency. Attention, emergency. All abled individuals report to the bridge, report to the bridge.

Ryu: Let's go!

Mirai: Regardless of age, all abled personnel must report.

Letz: Kika, stay in your room.

Kika: We're all supposed to go, aren't we?

Fraw: I'll wash this.

Amuro: Thanks.

[On the bridge...]

Bright: We don't have time to get everyone's opinion. Majority vote will rule. First, although we've got a 50/50 chance of pulling this off, those of you who are still in favor of attemting to make a run to Luna 2, raise their hands.

[They do.]

Bright: I see five. Again, understand there's a 50/50 chance. Those of you in favor of launching an attack?

[They do.]

Letz: We should fight.

Kika: Yeah, we should definitely fight.

[Amuro reluctantly raises his hand.]

Bright: Good. We've made our decision. We'll attack them. Amuro to Gundam! Ryu to the Core Fighter! Prepare the Beam Cannons! Get the Guntanks ready and put it on standby. White Base turn 180 degrees!

[They prepare for battle.]

Sayla: Ryu, the catapult is ready and the Core Fighter is clear for launch at your discretion.

Ryu: Thrust power. 60... 70... 85... 120... Ready for Launch! Ugh!

Sayla: The Core Fighter has been launched successfully. Now Amuro we need you to prepare the Gundam for catapult if you can.

Amuro: Uh... yeah, I think so. Just like in the manual. Catapult rig, check. Gundam power, normal. Go!

Sayla: Proceed for 10 kilometers and descend to approach enemy from beside the ridge. Understood?

Amuro: Got it.

Ryu: Roger!

Bright: Prepare lateral beam cannons on the double.

[They do.]

Gunner: Cannons ready. Energy pipe contact.

Gunner2: Forward gun lift, check. Loading... commencing.

Bright: We'll have visual contact in 8 minutes, so until they're in site, check your manuals again, alright? Prepare for fire and support roles. And whatever you do, don't hit the Gundam or Core Fighter.

[The Papua reaches the Musai.]

Char: I'm surprised they keep such an old ship and risk sending it out this far. Now Ensign Dren!

Dren: Sir!

Char: Open a video link.

Dren: Sir.

[He does.]

Gadem: I can't figure out why the Red Comet would be in such desperate need of supplies this quickly.

Char: Gadem, the enemy's very close, we've got to hurry.

Gadem: I can see that Char, thank you. Do you think I'm too slow because I'm getting old and can't sense danger?

Char: Open the hatch and get a move on with that conveyor pipe.

[They do so.]

Transporter: Prepare to receive conveyor pipe.

[Amuro and Ryu head towards the Musai.]

Amuro: Ryu's a soldier, he should know better.

Ryu: Why shouldn't we move up when the enemy's in front of us, Amuro?

Amuro: If we approach from this direction we'll have poor visibility 'cause we'll be facing the sun. We need to go around.

[They head around the asteroid.]

Ryu: Hey, where's the Musai?

Amuro: We should see it about now, Ryu.

Ryu: Huh? There it is! I gotta admit that's pretty clever for a rookie. Wants to attack with the sun behind us, I should have though of that.

Amuro: Okay, let's go.

[Meanwhile...]

Transporter: Conveyor pipe docking complete. Begin ammunition transfer.

Gadem: Look Char, there's something strange. I know we're close to an enemy base but it's located on the opposite side so this site ought to be empty. But the density minofsky particles is extremely high.

Char: That does seem strange.

Dren: Do you think there's an enemy ship nearby?

Char: Hmm... it's possible.

[Amuro aims with the Gundam's bazooka.]

Amuro: There! I got you now.

[He fires.]

Technician: Missile approaching from behind us! Impact in 3 seconds! 3... 2... 1...

[The missile hits the conveyor pipe.]

Gadem: Conveyor pipe's been hit! Get the supply ship out of here!

[The ships separate.]

Technician: Second missile approaching! 7... 6...

Char: Gadem, release the Zakus now!

Gadem: Right, I'll do what I can.

Technician: 2... 1...

[It hits.]

Crew: Ah!

Gadem: We have to get the Zakus to Char immediately.

Char: Vince, Matthew, get ready to leave the ship and the man the Zakus. I'll move ahead of you in my Mobile Suit, then we'll rendezvous.

Dren: Launch a missile barrage! Use everything!

[They fire at the sun.]



Commercial Break



[Char heads out in his Zaku.]

Char: Gren, cover the Papua because it looks like we're being attacked with mobile suits and not just fighters.

Dren: Roger that, rotate 180 degrees hard! Units with remaining missiles, prepare to fire everything you have towards the sun! How long do you think it'll take to power up the mega particle cannons?

Gunner: 5 minutes, 20 seconds.

Dren: Ah, too late, we've reduced power in the main engines too much!

Technician: A third missile approaching! 6... 5... 4... 3... 2...

Char: That's too close. Alright, I've had enough of this, huh?

[He sees where Amuro's firing from.]

Char: The Mobile Suit must be there.

Papua Technician: Incoming, enemy fighter approaching sir, port stern.

Gadem: Counter attack!

[Ryu attacks the Papua.]

Gadem: Descend immediately and drop our supplies directly on Luna 2!

[Char attacks the Gundam.]

Amuro: Must be Char!

Char: Heh heh, I'm gonna teach you that your mobile suit has its limit my friend, when it goes up against the Red Comet. Just watch me.

Amuro: Take this!

[They continue to fight.]

Amuro: I can beat him!

[He fires, Char dodges.]

Amuro: I can't believe it! The bazooka's out of ammo! He's behind me?

Char: There!

Dren: Commander Char, the enemy's new Trojan Horse is here. It's commenced an attack on us.

Char: What's that!? Try to hold it off until I'm able to get back there!

[He starts heading back.]

Amuro: I'm not letting you near the ship. I promised Bright I'd keep you away. I'll make sure you don't get anywhere near White Base!

[The supplies reach the Musai. At a gun on White Base...]

Kai: It's Ryu again. How am I supposed to hit the target? Hayato, pass on this message. Stay out of my way.

Hayato: Right. Uh... How do I contact the bridge?

Kai: Hurry!

[On the Musai...]

Dren: Soldier, descend and rotate the ship 170 degrees. Aim directly at the enemy!

Pilot: Sir!

[On White Base.]

Mirai: The Musai's not attacking us Mr. Bright.

Bright: If they really were transferring supplies, they can't use their mega cannon. And they're probably out of missiles.

Oscar: Altitude 300. Musai descending to the right.

Marker: Relative speed .23 kilometers per hour. Contact in 5.2 seconds.

Hayato: Mr. Bright, I have a request.

Bright: Go on.

Hayato: Kai can't aim his gun at the Musai because the Core Fighter keeps getting in the way.

Bright: Understood. Ryu, come in! Ryu! Ryu! Ryu!

Mirai: Can't you get through?

Bright: He's disconnected the communication circuit.

Mirai: Then we can't hit the enemy.

[Amuro throws the bazooka at Char.]

Char: You're so helpless, take this! Amateur!

Amuro: No, stop it! Erh!

Char: I have to admit, I've never seen a Mobile Suit before that can withstand the beating I'm giving it.

Dren: Please Commander Char, we can't use our mega particle cannon!

Char: Don't tell me that useless old wreck hasn't transfered the Zakus yet.

Dren: The Papua's catapult has been damaged so they couldn't get the Zakus on.

Char: Grab the Zakus even if that's all we get. I'll be there, just hold on I'm coming.

Amuro: It's Char!

[On the Bridge.]

Hayato: Mr. Bright, Kai has informed me that he's licensed to handle heavy land vehicles.

Bright: Huh?

Hayato: His father's is an engineer so he...

Bright: Are you sure he said heavy land vehicles?

Hayato: Yes, don't we have some mobile suit tank on board?

Bright: It's operated by 2 men.

Hayato: But this works just like the guns on the White Base, doesn't it? We can fire it exactly the same way!

Bright: You wanna take on the enemy in the Guntank?

Hayato: Yes, they're distracted right now by the White Base Mr. Bright. We can do it!

Bright: Then do it.

Hayato: Right.

[Meanwhile, the Zeons try to transfer stuff.]

Gadem: If you men don't speed up the approach you'll make it easy for the enemy to destroy the Musai.

Guy: Aye Aye, Captain.

Gadem: What about freeing up the Zakus?

Catapult Handler: The catapult won't work.

Gadem: Idiots! Use your hands then!

[The guy in front of him gets shot by the Core Fighter.]

Gadem: Erh... no!

Soldier: Beam energy fully charged!

Dren: Good, prepare the mega particle cannons!

[They fire and narrowly miss White Base.]

Bright: Kai, Hayato, what's taking you so long? Fire the Guntank! Fire now!

Mirai: Mr. Bright, you must stay calm. The Guntank's preparing for launch now, okay? Land speed about 12.5 meters. 10 meters now.

Sayla: Kai, we're all set up now. You'll launch in 3 seconds, got it?

Kai: Well, I don't have much choice in the matter, do I? Any second now. Uh, Ms. Sayla?

Sayla: Look, this isn't really the time for small talk. White Base touch down. Launch it now.

Hayato: Kai, the enemy is just over the ridge.

Kai: Yeah, yelling at me's really gonna help me handle this thing. Hayato, let's get this over with and high tail it outta here, alright?

Hayato: We should proceed another 50 meters. That'll take us within firing range.

Kai: And what do we do if they fire at us, huh?

Hayato: They're unloading, so I doubt they can.

Kai: But what if they do Hayato?

Hayato: I don't know. 10 meters now.

Kai: I'm firing!

[Gadem moves out the Zakus in his own Mobile Suit.]

Gadem: I'm gonna make sure that Char gets his Zakus, missiles, all of his supplies! This is a matter of honor!

[The Papua is completely destroyed.]

Gadem: Musai, take command of your Zakus now!

Dren: Matthew and Vicks, get into the Zakus immediately!

Ryu: Oh no you don't!

[Char attacks him.]

Ryu: Ugh! It's the Red Comet! Ah!

Char: What about the supplies?

Gadem: We've done just about everything. You can retrieve it after you get rid of the enemy.

[Amuro heads towards them.]

Gadem: Is that it? The new Federation Mobile Suit that I've heard so much about?

Char: Gadem! Stay cool!

Gadem: Don't stop me! It was my ship that he destroyed. My Zaku and I have fought more battles together than you ever will. I'm not afraid of anybody, I'll show you how to destroy this piece of Federation trash with just one simple move, Commander Char!

Amuro: Huh? You're fighting me without weapons?

Char: Stop Gadem, you can't do it, not with your Zaku!

[Amuro charges with the beam sabre.]

Gadem: Idiot, you try to attack too quickly.

[He slams into the Gundam.]

Amuro: Ah!

[Amuro slices through the Zaku.]

Gadem: Ah! Impossible! How can a Mobile Suit be this strong?!

Char: Gadem!

Bright: Retreat Amuro, retreat! We've destroyed the supply ship, retreat now!

Amuro: But...!

Bright: You don't have any weapons left do you? Char is gonna rip you into a million pieces!

Amuro: Ah, yeah right, got it!

Char: The enemy Mobile Suit!

[Amuro escapes.]

Char: The Papua's destroyed and now Gadem's gone. How could this happen? That Federation space ship, and the enemy Mobile Suit... I have to face the facts, the Federation's new military weaponry uses more advanced technologies than before. We've suffered a major blow and we'll have to deal with it, but I... I can't understand their methods. Their military strategy's are a joke. Clear, they're totally unfamiliar with combat, but...

Matthew: Commander, this is Matthew and Vicks from inside the Zakus. Should we pursue the enemy right now?

Char: I would like you to to cover the loading of the supplies.

Matthew: Sir, proceeding immediately.

Char: It doesn't make sense.

[On the Bridge...]

Kai: Heh heh, well combat really isn't that big a deal.

Bright: That's not true Kai. You were only able to attack my friend because Amuro managed to keep Char at a distance.

Kai: Hey, you hear that, Hayato?

Hayato: I think Mr. Bright's right.

Kai: You wimp.

Ryu: I'm sorry Mr. Bright, I had the communications disconnected.

Bright: Just don't let it happen again. Remember everything you learned in your training. And you Amuro, you relied too much on your flanking maneuvers.

Ryu: That's not true! He knew what he was doing. Right?

Amuro: Yeah, Char was just too quick that's all.

Bright: They call Char the Red Comet for a good reason. You've gone against him twice and seen his moves. You need to work on your combat technique.

Amuro: Yeah.

Bright: All hands get some rest. We'll remain on battle alert, status 2.

Mirai: Full speed ahead on course to Luna 2 frontline base. All clear.

[Ryu and Amuro leave.]

Amuro: You know Ryu, I have a feeling that one of these days I'm gonna end up decking Bright. Fraw Bow!

Fraw: You must be tired, have some tea.

Ryu: Ah... thanks a lot.

Haro: Good work. Good work.

Amuro: Well thank you very much Haro.

Ryu: Hey Amuro, what's that?

Amuro: I built him. Haro's his name.

Oscar: Mine field 25 kilometers to the left. Set course 3.2 to the right.



Preview:
A vengeful Char and his commandos prepare an ambush on Luna II while Amuro and the rest of his crew are forcibly detained by the Federation. Will the crew have to fight their own allies to save White Base from Char's attack? Mobile Suit Gundam, next episode:
Escape from Luna II

Who will survive?


