
  We undo that D-mail, you’ll be, you’ll be murdered.

[opening]

Er, there your are.
Don’t stay up here so long, you’ll draw the eye of Uncle Heat Stroke.

Says the guy who always sprawled out on the roof like a cat.
It’s cloudy today, anyway.

Hey did you find Mayuri?
Daru said he didn’t see her at all at ComiMa.

Yeah. I saw her afterward.

Eh..
Hey, Okabe...

What’s up?
Never mind then.

Hey, starting to rain.

Agh, you could’ve mentioned the rain a little sooner, you know?
For crying out loud, I’m soaked to the bone.

I’m no meteorologist.
You were the one staring up the cl –

You such a perv!

Hey! It’s not like I was trying to ogle you, okay?!

Your penchant for sheer clothing can hardly be held against me.

Guess I forgot what a typical male you can be.

Ha! As if I go to any undo trouble to catch a glimpse of your scrawny ????.

Finish that thought. Now I’ll smack you so hard your cerebral neocortex would be pudding.

Yah, you'd like that wouldn’t you stop it?

Hey, get out of my face!

Er, was that always there?

I must’ve snagged it on something when I was looking for you.

Hmph, ???? your klutzy.

Because I use my point on intelligence, not dexterity—

Sure you did. Whatever gets you through the night, dark elf.
Give it here.
I keep a sawing kit on me.
I can get it fixed up for you in a jiffy.

Quite a house frau.

Spare me the smoke.
I’m a girl. So I’m good at home ec stuff. Bro.
Just give me the damn coat.
As you’ve probably noticed, it’s kind of dark in here, so don't expect the needle work worthy of Athena.
I’d say what color thread I’m using in the set, I can’t even tell.
Your choices quote-unquote are black, red, and pink.

(sigh) I'm just ???? don’t get the pink.

Augh, don’t try anything!

Oh don’t worry. I’m pretty sure coat rack wouldn’t —

What part of brain pudding didn’t you get?

Hmph, you’re a piece of work.
Where did you even go that you managed to rip it like this anyway?

Let me see... I went to the lab, the laundromat, took a walk, last of all, I made a trip to your fancy hotel.

My hotel? How come?

I didn’t have much for choice.
You wouldn’t reply to my messages or answer my calls.

Wait, were you worried about me?

I’d be misidentified if I didn’t keep tabs on my assistant.
Can’t have you running amok.

Have you done sewing yet?

Hold your horses. Catch!

It’s still soggy!

Just put it on.
Who wants to see the scrawny body of a mad scientist with pudding for the brain?

It happened right here, didn’t it?
This is where, where you found me?

How... do you know that?

I didn’t know.
I only suspected.
Now that we’re here, I’m having these feelings.

So you, you remember being—


Yeah, I can remember it happening, but the memories I have are so hazy.
It’s like, I don’t know, like I’m looking at myself through a fog.
They are just not that.
I remember you.
How hard this is all been.
You want to save Mayuri so badly.
You’re so lonely and hurt, and you just keep trying.
You live it again and again, but in the end, she always dies.
How many times have I watched as you howled her name?
I’ve seen how hard you’ve been fighting for her.
You get this look on your face and when you do, I realize how irreplaceable Mayuri is to you.
No body’s ever.
I’ve never been that person to anybody.
You’re so determined.
It made me want to help you.
I couldn’t let you face this by yourself.
Okabe, I want you to save her.
Mayuri has to live, and you’re the one who has to make it happen.

How can you say that?
If I return to that world line, you will die.

If that’s what it takes, so be it.
There’s only one way to make this work, and you know that better than anyone.

So what then?!
I just abandon you?!

It can’t be helped, can it?
I’ve been trying since yesterday.
I’ve racked my brain, looking for some magic solution, something that would save us both.
But there isn’t one!
Everything led to the same conclusion; she continues on the original line and I end.

Okabe, wait!

You won’t die. I’m not gonna let you.
I refuse!
I can’t throw you away, not even for Mayuri!
What is the point of this repetitism hell, if I had to lose someone either way?
Someone I..., I...

No more running.
This is what I want.
Going back won’t change that.

God damn it!

Time-leaping isn’t going to work!
You’ll never get past the 1% barrier!

How come we know for sure unless we try it?

All that’s gonna happen is your watch Mayuri die again!
Don’t go back.
Seeing her die is gonna break you, Okabe.

It won’t though. How could it?
Do you know how many times I’ve watched her die now?
Dozens, easily....
Again, and again, and again, and again, and again!
No matter how many times I have to watch it to save you, it’s not going to break me!

Did you hear what you just said to me?
Our friend is dying and you don’t care.
I know you don’t really mean that.
If losing Mayuri doesn’t hurt you anymore, then your heart is already broken.
Please just stop, it’s destroying you...

Yeah, you’re right.
As for a while, what’s happing is awful, but I can barely feel it.
I’m numb to it. How did I get here?
I’ve waited to go back; also I could note her precise time of death.
Now her dying is nothing more than a puzzle to be solved.
Like I can always just give it another go, try it again. ???? ???? ????

Please Okabe, save her.
If you let her die, you’re going to regret that the rest of your life.
Losing her for good is going to end you.
You know that I am right.
Think of all that you’ve done to keep her alive, if you give up now, what was that for?
If you let her go, the Okabe that I know is dead.

Damn it!
If I save Mayuri’s life, then you—

I’ll just go back the initial world line where the D-mail was never sent!
I think that would what’s best for you, what’s best for both of us!

We’ve argued so many times these last twenty days.
???? like cats and dogs ????.
But we shared our problems, too.
Kurisu was the one I relied on when the things got rough.
I came to her with this over and over and she always believed in me.
She is a scientific genius, published at the age of 18.
She can be as stubborn as a mule. And proud and nosy.
But the world of ideas is dancing in her eyes.
And her theories, god, they always hold me spell-bound.
I remember every word she says, every moment we spent together.
I’ve called her so many things. They’re never the words in my heart.
Kurisu, I just don’t know how to save you.
I’m sorry.

Thank you.
No body’s ever wanted to have me around so much.
Why did that girl turn out to be you?
Why couldn’t have been somebody else?

You know, there is a lot about changing world lines that we aren’t sure of.
Maybe when you blip out of existence in this world line, you just trade places with ‘there Okabe’ or something.
You could, for all we know, right.

It doesn’t matter.
You’ll be gone.

That’s what I’m saying.
Maybe I won’t be.
Even if I am dead in the original world line, that doesn’t necessarily mean I’ll be dead here, too.
There are infinite lines. What if each one has its own me?
And maybe all of our minds are connected, forming the Kurisu you know.
That would be wonderful, wouldn’t it?
Getting to be in so many times and places, always with the similar quest for the truth, always with the desire to make a difference in the world, always with the same love for someone.
Many stars shining in their own space, but just one constellation.
That would be a beautiful truth.
Okabe, please don’t think of this as letting me die.
Even if the world line changes and I’m gone, so long as you remember me, I’ll still be right there, with you.

I couldn’t forget you. Not even if I tried.
There’s not a person I care for in this whole world like I do you.

Er, you don’t....

I mean it.

Er, what are you trying to tell me?

Kurisu, I love you.
How do you feel about me?

Er, how do I feel?

I have to know—just for this moment, what I was to you.

You really wanna know?

Yeah.

Don’t look, okay?
Close your eyes.

What for?

Just close them.
There was a scientific rationale for that.
Because certain important memories including but not limited to one’s first kiss are stored in the hippocampus, which make them harder to forget.
So I figured...

Er, just one problem.
You’re assuming that was my first kiss.

Kissing your pillow doesn’t count virgin!

You would know, wouldn’t you?
Nevertheless, I will admit my first kiss lacked that romantic je ne sais quoi.
[editor’s note: “je ne sais quoi” is a French phrase for "I do not know," meaning some sorts of inexplicable feelings.]
Either way, my hippocampus didn’t get that one.
Let’s try it again.

Huh?!

I cant’ risk forgetting this, not for anything.

I mean, I guess that’s logical.
And it’s just a kiss.
It feels like time is passing so quickly.
Damn you, Einstein. Your science is crowding in on our kiss.
He was right, Okabe. The passage of time depends entirely on where you’re standing.
Relativity theory. It’s so romantic. But it’s just so tragic, too.

This is it!

It’s not too late to call the others.

A big good-by with everyone would hurt too much.
But if it’s just you, then I can’t wait to be out here and back in the US.
Hmph, it’s a joke.

I brought you something, a memento.

What the hell?

Hey, that happens to be Version 2.67 you were sneering at.

It’s still impractical.
But I suppose that it’s the thought that counts.

Okay.

Kurisu!

Oh, yeah. Got you something.
Catch!

Err...
You know you throw like a girl.

Go get it, smartass!

Yeah, yeah.

Okabe.... It hurts me to say it.
You’re gonna have a rough.
It’ll be a world where no one else remembers me, only you.
And you’ll have to shoulder it alone.
You care about people, more than you know.
Losing them nausing you.

I’m sorry.
But knowing you care means so much to me.
Maybe when you’re up in the lab, or dirking soda, or walking through town, or maybe even during a kiss, not every single time, just once in a while, I hope you will think of me, because I’ll be there with you.
Even if worlds are away, know that I’m still in your heart.
Okabe..., Okabe..., Okabe...

Heads up! I think I found it.
This is the ???? looking for, right?

If we erase that line....

Then the mission accomplished.

Okarin, you feel okay?

Why wouldn’t I?
Finally, the ultimate moment of operation Verdandi is nigh!
Victory is ours to for the taking!
Despite their vile machinations, we held fast!
We stayed true to our convictions, and persevered!
We have survived the battle of Ragnarok!
To my comrades-in-arms, who fought and bled for this victory, you have my gratitude.
And I promise I will never forget you.
What awaits us now is the future she would’ve wanted.
A world not ???? by their tyranny.
All this will never ever have happened!
Kurisu....
Forgive me...

Okabe!
You wanna know how I feel.

Kurisu!

Okabe, you should know by now that—

Mayuri, who is Lab member 004?

004? Hm... Oh, a trick question. There isn’t one.

Behold! The way is clear! We’re free!
I, the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma have triumphed over a twofold assaults by SERN and the Organization, by twisting the very fundamentals of time and space!
For the world we know has been put to rights!
And the future of chaos awaits us!
This, my friends, is the choice of Steins Gate!

It’s okay. Just be yourself.

What do you mean?
This is me! How else should I deliver our victory speech!

You don’t have to pretend to be Hououin Kyouma for me.
The bad stuff isn’t gonna happen to me now.
I can tell, you can cry now if you want. Go ahead.

We took apart the phone wave.
If we hadn’t built it, I would never have met her.
But it came at too high a price.
Too many people had to suffer.
Hououin Kyouma’s consigned to the past, as all the tools of his mania.
Life isn’t about do-overs.
For good or ill, you get one chance.
This is for the best.
Isn’t it, Kurisu?

[closing credits]

Hello.
Huh? Wait, who is this?
I’m your what now?
Okarin, huh?
Yeah, lemme get him.
Hey, Okarin! Phone!
It’s some crazy chick!

Go ahead.

Please get to the roof of the Radio Building ASAP!

Huh? Who is this?

Listen, I came here from 2036.
I’m Hashida Itaru’s daughter, Amane Suzuha.

Suzuha? But what are you doing here?!
How is SERN still a threat in your time line?

I’ll explain you when you get here, but you have to hurry!
I need you to prevent the World War III!
  