
Since long ago, whether by Akito or my father before him,
I have been called upon numerous occasions to suppress the memories of others.
I knew the suffering it would cause Yuki if I erased his young friends' memories.
But still... I did as was required.
 
Hatori, you're as cold as snow.
 
And so it seems...
The words Akito spoke that day are more true than even he realized.
 
 
 
Hey! You guys, she's gone!
I can't find her anywhere!
 
If you mean Tohru, she told us last night at dinner that she was going over to a friend's house for a visit today.
 
Wha-? She did? Really?
 
That's what he said. Or, weren't you listening?
 
Shut up! I mean, she hardly ever goes out and stuff!
 
Well... it goes to show how accustomed you've gotten to having her around the house.
Her absence is felt... ''Alas, where has our beautiful flower now gone?''
 
You're babbling again.
 
 
 
I- it's so big...
I guess the Sohmas really must be a large family...
I wish I could have told Yuki and the others that I was coming here, especially after what he said about Hatori.
And then there's this Akito person- to think that I might have to meet the head of the family all by myself...
 
Hi!
 
M-M-Momiji! I didn't see you there!
 
You're right on time! Go ahead and let yourself in.
 

 
Come in! Come in!
Welcome to the House of Sohma!
 
It seems even bigger on the inside, if that's possible...
It's like they've got a whole town in here, like it's its own little world...
 
It's so quiet. There's not a single other person around.
It almost seems like a ghost town...
And I think I'm only making myself more nervous...
 
C'mon... this way! I'll show you the rest of the way to Ha'ri's house.
What? You're not scared are you?
 
No, of course not...
 
I like Ha'ri a lot! I think you will too, once you get to know him.
 
 
Please, relax.
Make yourself comfortable.
 
Oh, okay...
 
So he tells me.
But I think that's going to be a little bit easier said than done.
 
A photograph?
I wonder why he has that there?
It doesn't look like he keeps any other personal things in here.
And, he seems the type of person who likes to keep up a very professional appearance.
 
When he said he had something important to discuss with me, maybe he meant I'd done something wrong!
I mean, if he's concerned with appearances, someone from a big, important family like the Sohmas probably doesn't want to be associated with a girl who used to live in a tent... I mean, maybe I've offended him somehow without even realizing it!
 
Tohru? You don't look like you feel too good.
You want Ha'ri to look at you?
He is a doctor, you know.
 
No, I'm all right! Everything's fine!
 
I am a doctor, yes, but my practice is devoted exclusively to the Sohma family, and I should say, Akito, in particular.
He suffers frequent illness and requires much of my time.
 
Oh, I had no idea.
 
So my time is valuable.
Right to the point, then.
 
Sure.
 
Even within the Sohma family itself, there are few who know our secret in regard to the zodiac.
It is exceedingly rare that a complete outsider, such as yourself, should come to learn of it.
Ordinarily, this would have been corrected at once.
But, thus far, it seems Akito has made an exception in your case.
Tell me, do you enjoy living there, in Shigure's house?
 
Y- yes, very much.
 
All the more reason that you should leave.
It would be best for you if you had nothing further
to do with the Sohmas.
Leave Shigure's house, and return to your own family.
That's only reasonable, is it not?
Knowing Shigure, I doubt he would ever say anything to you, but there are many dark secrets within the House of Sohma.
Life among us is not as pleasant as you seem to believe.
An evil shadow looms over this family.
That is the nature of our curse.
 
Evil?
 
Before you come to regret having been involved with the Sohmas, leave them.
 
Say, Ha'ri, I want to take Tohru outside and show her the gardens...
That's okay, right?
C'mon, Tohru, let's go!
 
Uh... But, uh...
 
C'mon! It'll be fun!
I'll even show you my favorite spot! Come on, this way!
 
Life among us is not as pleasant as you seem to believe...
An evil shadow looms over this family...
That is the nature of our curse.
 
It's quiet, isn't it?
 
Y- yes, it is.
 
It's because everyone's at the main house getting ready for New Year's.
It's a really big deal for us.
It's the one time of year that we all get together, so there's a lot to do!
 
Know what? From that tree lined road outside the gate to the main house over there, everyone who lives around here, they're all related to the Sohma family.
 
All of them? That's incredible!
 
Shigure and Yuki? They used to live here too, a long time ago.
The only ones who can live inside the gates are members of the zodiac like me, or people who know about the secret.
 
Ah-huh…
 
 
Did you know that Ha'ri can barely see out of his left eye?
Ha'ri had a girlfriend once, Kana.
She worked as his assistant for a while.
And I remember, she was really nice.

She just laughed about it.
They got engaged and they were going to get married.
But when they told Akito, well, he got really, really angry and he said that he wasn't going to allow it.
I guess his temper got out of control, 'cause that's when he hurt Ha'ri's eye.
 
But Ha'ri didn't blame him, though.
And Kana, she blamed herself.
She was convinced that Ha'ri getting hurt like that was all her fault.
She couldn't forgive herself, and it gradually started to eat her away inside.
 
So, Ha'ri did the only thing he could do.
He erased Kana's memories.
He couldn't stand to watch her tearing herself apart over him, so he made her forget that the two of them had ever been in love.
Kana left... Ha'ri cried...
 
And, in spite of all that, he never once blamed Akito.
 
Why?
 
Well, because that's the curse.
That's why I can understand a little bit of what Ha'ri feels.
He doesn't want anyone else to end up like Kana did.
He doesn't want you to be hurt, the same way she was.
 
Huh? Tohru?
Are you crying?
Was it me? Did I make you cry?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, okay?
 
No, that's not it. It's just that I was so worried about coming here.
And the whole time he just wanted to help me.
He was just being kind.
But after what he's been through, he's the one who deserves to be shown kindness, not me.
 
I'll go get something to warm us up, okay?
I'll be right back.
You can go inside if you want.
 
 
Huh? It's snowing.
 
I knew it would snow today!
 
 
I'm sorry, I...
I guess I don't really know anything at all about the Sohmas.
 
And there's no reason why you should.
In fact, it would be best if you forgot whatever it is Momiji told you.
 
Does that mean you've forgotten about her, Hatori?
 
It's all in the past.
 
I'm sorry.
 
There's nothing to apologize for.
I do still speak with Kana from time to time, but that's all.
Now, I wonder if you would be so kind as to excuse me.
I believe I've said enough for one day.
 
Oh, no, please...
I'd really like it if you stayed.
Maybe you could show me around the house--
 
 
Hatori?
 
Water! No! Seawater!
Which one is it!?
What do I do? Hatori!
 
 
 
Hello, in there? I'm Kana Sohma.
It's nice to meet you.
I'll be your new assistant, as of today.
So whatever you need me to do, just say the word.
This is a little strange, huh?
I guess we're part of the same family, and I've never even seen you before.
But, when I told my friends I'd be working with you, they all warned me you'd be handsome.
 
This will be your desk, and these are today's charts.
You'll want to start looking--
 
Ah! It's snowing!
I knew it would snow today.
Say, here's a question for you.
When the snow melts, what does it become?
 
The answer is water, of course.
 
Bzz-bzz! Nope! It becomes spring!
I think spring is my favorite time of year.
 
Oftentimes, in memory, there is a tendency to overly romanticize the people we care about.
I know this, and in spite of this fact, the truth remains.
She was my spring.
Yes, if as Akito said, I had become the frozen snow in the dark, secretive world of the Sohmas, then she was the fresh, vibrant spring, full of life, and light.
It seems almost inevitable now, the way we were drawn to each other.
It was the beginning of a beautiful dream.
 
And then... ...she found out.
 
W-water! No! Seawater!
I don't know! Which one is it!?
What do I do?! Hatori!
 
I will say this at least, if you threw a real sea horse into the tub like that, it would probably die.
 
I was afraid of that.
I was so shaken up, I couldn't think!
But, I guess I finally know the reason. I'd been wondering why it was you never wanted to hold me.
It's because you were afraid, is that it?
You were afraid of what would happen if I found out.
That's why you keep your distance from people, especially the ones you love.
But, you don't have to be afraid, not of me.
Hatori, I'm so glad to have met you, and I'm even happier to have fallen in love with you.
I want to stay with you.
 
I wept.
 
For the first time in my life,
I felt as though I had been allowed something, as though I had been saved from something.
I could not stop the tears.
They were the frozen snow, melted by the first warm breath of Spring.
I lost myself in the dream...
And I laughed, as never before, as though years of happiness had been compressed into each and every new moment we shared...
 
 
 
Kana and I wish to be married.
 
But, all dreams must end...
 
No! I won't allow it!
I refuse to allow it!
 
Hatori, what's wrong?
Hatori...
 
You did this! This is your fault!
If Hatori loses his sight, it's your fault! It's your fault!
 
Akito! Hatori!
 
Do you think you can lift the Sohma curse? Do you?!
 
Kana! Hurry!
Take Hatori out of here!
 
Let me go!
You can't lift the curse!
We don't need you!
You're worthless to us!
It's your fault!
It's your fault!
 
It's all your fault!
 
No matter what I said, no matter what I did, each time I tried to console her, she collapsed into tears, until eventually, her grief began to consume her...
 
It's especially at times like this that your techniques become useful.
Don't you agree?
We both know her memory should be erased.
Before now, I doubt you would have even hesitated.
 
At this very moment, it's her memories of you, her feelings for you, that cause her to suffer.
You're the only one who can save her.
You can put an end to her suffering...
It will be your final act of love, Hatori.
 
 
It would have been better...
 
The truth is, she wants you to release her.
 
...better if you and I had never met...
 
The truth is, she wants to forget.
 
...would have been better if you and I had never met...
 
In the past, even if I knew the pain or sadness it might cause, it was a burden I was forced to bear.
I had no choice, but to erase a person's memory, once the order was given.
How could I have known that, by my hand, the person dearest to me would also have her memories erased, the very memories we shared together?
This was my reward.
 
Thank you, Kana.
Everything will be all right now.
You won't have to be troubled over me any longer.
I hope that one day: you will meet someone who can truly make you happy.

 
Hatori...
I'm so sorry I wasn't able to protect you. Forgive me.
 
I was the one who should have apologized.
I was the one who couldn't protect her.
 
 
Hatori, I'm so glad to have met you.
And, I'm even happier to have fallen in love with you.
 
I knew that day that I would live the rest of my life as the frozen snow, so that the dream we had together would never melt away.
 
 
Sorry things didn't work out.
But, what I was able to learn from you will be my pride as a doctor!
I mean, as soon as I finish school.
 
 
Hatori…
Please, if there's anything you can do to help him...
I know I'm glad to have met the Sohmas.
I don't regret it.
I can't imagine anymore what my life would be like without them.
You must have felt that way once too, Kana.
So, if there's anything you can do to help Hatori now, please...
 

I didn't look! No, I uh...
I didn't know what else to do, so I moved you up here to the room, where you could lay down.
And I know it's not the best thing, but all I had to cover you up with was my coat.
And, I know it's dirty and all.
And... I'm sorry, but like I said it's all I had.
 
Did you see it?
 
No! You see, I uh...
 
I mean my zodiac form.
 
Yes, I did, and I thought it was really cute.
It was pretty amazing to see what animal you were, but more than that, I'm really just glad you're okay.
Huh?
Oh, here. I hope you don't mind.
I sort of took it without asking.
 
It's been quite some time since I've dreamed of her.
Perhaps it's the snow that reminds me.
 
Say, here's a question for you.
 
Tell me, when the snow melts, what does it become?
 
Huh? Mmm, Let's see...
 
It becomes spring, right?
So, even when it's cold like this,
I always remember that spring is on its way!
It's sort of neat to think about.
No matter how much snow there is, it's all going to melt.
It always does.
I think spring is my favorite time of year.
Oh! You must be freezing.
Here, take this.
Of course, autumn's nice too.
And, you couldn't have spring without it!
Say, if you'd like, I could go in and try to find something hot to warm us up!
Hm? ''Something to warm us up''? Feels like deja vu.
 
 
Ah! Lo and behold, there they are!
 
Shigure!
 
Well, I've been looking for you.
Imagine my surprise, I found a little lost bunny instead.
 
Momiji! Oh, I guess it wasn't deja vu. You have drinks!
 

 
Ha'ri.
 
So what brings you here?
 
Here, Tohru!
 
Thank you very much!
 
I suddenly had this feeling that Tohru was here in need of a rescue.
Call it a ''writer's intuition'', if you will.
 
That's a lie.
You only came to see the New Year's preparations, didn't you?
 
Don't let them fool you.
These two have been friends since they were kids.
 
Oh, Tohru, have you asked
Ha'ri what zodiac animal he is?
 
One more word, Shigure, and the entire publishing industry will know every embarrassing thing you've done since you were four.
 
Understood. My lips are sealed.
 
It's not like it's that hard to figure out.
 
Momiji!
 
I really don't see how it's anything you should be embarrassed about.
 
It's so warm!
 
 
I can see how today might have been stressful for you, but now that it's over, Hatori's not that bad of a guy, is he?
 
No! In fact, he was really quite the gentleman!
 
I wonder... could that have been?
 
Let's go, Tohru.
You'd better stay with me.
It's easy to get lost in here.
 
Shigure, tell me, what is the curse, exactly?
I mean, am I doing something that I shouldn't be?
 
I wouldn't worry.
Just keep being yourself.
That's really all you need to know.
 
It's been a strange day.
It seems like I learned a lot, but at the same time, it still feels like I don't know anything at all.
 
 
I'm home!
 
Me too! We're here!
Sorry we're so late.
 
 
Ah, I guess sitting around the heater like that got to be a little bit too comfortable.
 
I guess so.
 
It might be dangerous to try and wake them up.
Why don't we let them sleep for a while?
 
At any rate, I do know one thing.
I know I'm going to try to always remember the way I feel right now, about everyone, about living here.
I never want those feelings to change.

So, Miss Honda, what are you going to make?
 
New Year's cakes!
 
Uh? New Year's cakes?
 
Uh-huh! I just hope I picked out ingredients everyone likes.
 
Shigure, Kyo, and I will be going back to the main house tonight.
I'm sorry.
 
That's all right.
 
Okay, it's almost time to go.
Don't you think you two ought to get ready?
 
I'm not going.
 
Promise, I'll be fine, and I'll take great care of the house while you're gone.
 
You are talking to the girl who--Aah!
The bathwater!
I left it running again!
 
If that doesn't inspire confidence, nothing will.
