
I was so happy when you smiled,
Your smile breaks through the clouds of grey,
Far from the sunny days that lie in sleep.
Waiting with patience for the Spring,
when the flowers will bloom renewed again,
knowing there's more beyond the pain of today.
Although the scars of yesterday remain,
You can go on living as much as your heart believes.
You can't be born again although you can change.
Let's stay together always.
 
 
 
The Cultural Festival is only seven days away.
You can imagine, things have been pretty hectic here at school lately.
There's not much time left!
But everyone's doing their part to get ready.
That goes for my class, too- 1st Year, D-Block.
We're helping out with the refreshments.
I'm pleased to announce the health inspections have been completed...
and we've been given permission to open our rice ball stand.
All that's left to decide is what flavor rice balls we'd like to sell.
Any suggestions you may have on the matter would be more than welcome.
 
Rice balls...
Funny how some things keep turning up.
Well, what if we tried making Three-Flavor Rice Balls?...
We can use three different ingredients, and it'll be like getting three Rice Balls in one!
It could be fun!
 
How nice. A fine idea.
 
Ewww... I think you mean, ''how disgusting.''... No way!
Like if you had salmon, and miso, and pickled plums all mixed together?
That'd be the sickest thing in the world.
 
It couldn't be any more sickening than your crappy attitudes... Could it?
 
Don't they have rules against bringing lead pipes to school?
I say we make it a ''Rice Ball Battle.''
 
A battle?
 
One-on-one. One round.
No holds barred.
And even if they get bloody noses, or pull each other's arms off, they have to fight for the prize- Rice Balls!
 
No way.
 
Hmm. What about... a 'Hit-or-Miss'?
 
Interesting...
 
We'll have a special offer.
Anyone who buys three rice balls
can choose a fourth for free.
Only, we'll have some ''misses'' mixed in, that we can make with some strange ingredient, or something.
 
That's a great idea!
 
Oh, sure! So you're all just gonna follow whatever dumb idea he says?!
 
You can't call us 'followers' for knowing a good idea when we hear it.
Yeah, your idea was too weird!
 
How so?!
 
Who wants to get all bloody over a couple of rice balls?
 
Aw, don't get mad Kyo-Kyo.
Hey, don't call me Kyo-Kyo!
 
What's wrong with that?
 
I have a student council meeting to attend, so if you wouldn't mind handling the arrangements for building the stand?
 
Sure, just leave it to me!
 
Ah, hold on!
There was still something
I needed to ask you.
 
Yeah, right, me too Yuki, I have a question about the stand...
 
Yuki, I have a question...
 
Ah, look!
 
Whoa, how did they get in here?
 
And so many!
 
How cute!
Kyo... Oh no...
Damn it all!
 
Strange boy...
 
Yeah, like you're one to talk.
You're pretty strange yourself, you know...
But he does have one hell of a violent temper.
I'll give you that.
 
Yes, he's quite rowdy.
 
The complete opposite of the prince.
Hard to believe they're related.
 
I was right!
I had a feeling you'd be up here.
I guess whenever l need to find you,
I just have look in the highest place!
 
What is it with you? You always gotta sneak up on me like that?
Hello, Mister Cat...
You're so cute!
These cats sure do like you, don't they?
Yeah, yeah. Don't ask me why...
They just show up on their own...
Same with dogs for Shigure and rats for Yuki.
 
Oh... that must be fun!
How the hell is it fun?!
This one time I was walking in the mountains with Kagura, and we got surrounded by a whole pack of boars!
I thought they were gonna eat us!
It is not funny!
 
I'm sorry!
Well? What did you want?
Um, nothing really. I was just worried... That's all.
You seemed so upset when you left...
Don't you want to help out with the festival preparations?
What do they need me for?
They've got Yuki, don't they?
I doubt anyone's gonna miss me.
They're all too busy looking to him.
That's the way it always is.
Ever since we were kids.
He's always been the smart one, and he knows how to get stuff done, and he's good with people. All that.
And everybody around him's always telling him how talented he is and stuff.
He doesn't even have to try, and they all look up to him. Anyway...
It's just like with martial arts.
I've been training way longer than he has, but he's still better than me.
 
It's true, huh?
The children of the Rat really are special, aren't they?
 
Yes, they certainly are!
 
And compared to them... the children of the Cat are...
 
It makes me sick!
I mean, what do I gotta do to be someone like that, you know?
Why can't I be more like, like him?
 
Kyo...
 
Kyo. He's shy when he first meets people, but after he gets to know them a little, he can open up to them, be himself...
Because of what he is, Kyo can never be accepted into the Zodiac...
But, isn't it better that he can be accepted by normal people, for who he is?
That-- is exactly what
I've always wanted.
 
So, Yuki wants to be like Kyo...
...and Kyo wishes he could be more like Yuki...
So why is it, that even though they both secretly admire each other, it just pushes them farther apart?
 
 
Thanks! See you next time!
Why is it that people feel they have to be like somebody else?
Why do they have to feel jealous?
If they can see the admirable qualities in someone else, why can't they see the admirable qualities in themselves?
 
 
What the hell is this!?
You tryin' to turn this place into a rice ball shop?
 
Oh, well good morning! ...
You're up early, aren't you?
No... This is when I always get up.
 
Ah! Kyo!
That's a-- a leek rice ball.
 
Why would you even make this crap?!
 
Well, we're going to try a ''Hit or Miss'' stand, remember?
So that one's a ''miss''...
I can make something else for you, if you have any ideas.
I dunno... Salmon or cod's okay, I guess...
Ah, forget it! I'll just make some myself. Geez!
Wow, Kyo! That's amazing!
The way you make rice balls!
You're really talented!
Incredible! I had no idea!
 
Well, when I was out training I had to make all my own meals and stuff...
I just make the plain kind, nothin' fancy.
 
Even so, I'll bet if we found someone who had devoted their whole life to the art of rice ball making and asked them, they'd still say they admired how well you do it.
Where the hell you gonna find somebody like that?
I mean, c'mon! That's gotta be the dumbest thing I ever heard.
''Art of rice ball making''...
 
That still doesn't change the fact that it's admirable...
Why can't he see that, himself?
Maybe the reason you don't see it, is that it's stuck to your back...
What I mean is... a person's admirable qualities...
They're just like, say, a pickled plum on a rice ball...
In other words, the person's the rice ball, and the plum's stuck to their back!
So, all over the world, you could have rice balls made with all sorts of wonderful ingredients, all different flavors, and shapes, and colors...
But since they'd be stuck in the middle of everyone's back, someone could have a plum and not even know it!
They'd look at themselves and think, ''I'm so plain, nothing but white rice,'' even though it isn't true.
Because turn them around and sure enough- there it is!
There's the plum!
So if someone is jealous of somebody else, well then...
It's probably because it's easier to see the plum on someone else's back than it is on your own!
Yep, I can see it. I can see it very clearly, Kyo.
You don't know it, but you have a great, big plum on your back.
Yuki's admirable in his way...
And you're admirable in yours!
 
Okay, now that's definitely the dumbest thing I ever heard!
And what's so great about a stinkin' plum, anyway?!
 
Oh, I'm sorry... We can change it to salmon if you want...
Excuse me, I guess I left the kettle on the stove.
Hey.
You've got one too...
I mean, stuck to your back... ...there's a plum.
I- I can see it.
 
You can see it?
 
Yeah, but it's really small, like a baby plum.
 
Baby plums are delicious!
 
No, it's way, way, tiny!
 
You know, I suppose right now there could be people who are feeling jealous, but who don't realize the qualities they envy in other people are the very same ones they already have...
When you think about it that way, it sort of makes you want to try harder-- just a little bit harder-- at being yourself.
 
 
And so, here we are!
The day of the Cultural Festival.
 
Hey, what are you doing?
It's still crooked.
 
No one's gonna notice something so small, Cat-lover.
 
Yeah, you're just being finicky.
 
That's right, Cat-lover.
It's only gotta last one day.
What's the deal with all this ''Cat-lover'' crap?!
You trying to make fun of me or something?
 
Ah, we got you figured out.
You talk tough, but deep down you're just a gentle guy who loves animals.
 
Awww...
 
Hey! Knock it off, will ya!
For the last time...
I guess it's a good thing they don't really have him figured out...
 
Why is it every time Orange-top's around I get a headache?
Well, at least this time he's trying to help, which for him... is pretty rare.
 
I don't know, you have your way, Yuki... and Kyo has his, that's all.
 
 
Oh, Yu-ki!
 
Hello.
 
Guess what? We have a surprise for you, Yuki. It's a present.
 
All the senior girls chipped in and bought it.
We thought it would be the greatest thing if you could wear it today!
 
Uh, wear...?
 
Ta-da!
A one-of-a-kind festival day costume, just for you, Yuki!
 
 
Hi!
Rice balls! Rice balls!
Buy three, get one free!
 
Thank you!
 
Wow! They're selling like crazy!
 
We're on track for first in the food category!
 
I think we have all the delicious stuff Tohru made to thank for that!
 
Oh, no, don't be silly!
 

 
Thanks, but I don't think they're really what's attracting everyone to our booth, you know?
 
That's it! Stop! No more pictures!
Yuki doesn't like it! Yeah, that goes for you too, sister!
Good point.
He's definitely an attraction.
 
Uh-huh.
 
I suppose we couldn't ask for better advertising, huh?
 
Uh-huh.
 
Oh... I hope I haven't done anything to make Yuki mad at me.
He looks upset.
 
Ah, don't worry about it.
My guess is, it's more embarrassment than he can stand, having to dress up like that...
I mean, he's already got a big enough complex over that girly face of his.
 
Yuki!
Yuki, you look like a girl!
 
What the hell? What is that little brat doin' here?
 
That's someone you know, then?
 
Momiji. You're not to go running off by yourself.
Yuki. Kyo. I see you're both looking well.
Hatori!
--Who is that?
--He's so cool!
 
Hi there, I'm Momiji Sohma... and this guy here with me is Hatori Sohma...
And yeah, we're two of Yuki and Kyo's relatives!
Oh, how cool!
 
Oh, is that right?
 
That's right.
But nevermind Momiji, what's that bastard Hatori doing here?
 
So, if they're related, I wonder if they're part of the zodiac too?
 
All right... now take a deep breath.
Hatori's a doctor.
So why is he here?
 
Couldn't we have found a better time for this?
 
We did. We had an appointment.
You should know you can't skip your monthly check-up.
 
Check-up? Yuki, why would you need a check-up? Is there something wrong?
 
Sort of...
Yuki's bronchial tubes are fairly sensitive...
He used to suffer from frequent asthma attacks when he was a child...
It's a condition he's gradually growing out of...
But we like to be sure...
I'm assuming you're Tohru Honda?
 
Uh... yes! Nice to meet you.
 
Indeed... I didn't expect you'd be such an ordinary girl.
 
What?
Hatori!
 
Don't! You can't climb on the stand!
 
What do you think you're doing you little runt?!
Excuse me, I think they need my help.
Why did you have to come here?
 
You can save your complaints for Akito... It was his idea.
Of course, he originally planned to come himself.
He was running another one of his fevers, so I made him stay home, doctor's orders...
As a result, he sent me here in his place...
And since I was already looking after Momiji for the day, he naturally had to come with me.
 
Is this what you call looking after him?
 
Just be grateful we came late, when there are fewer people here.
I know why you're tense... Don't be.
I didn't come for this Tohru Honda today...
Whether or not Ido in the future is still for Akito to decide.
--Now you stay here! And sit still!
--Waaa! Somebody! Kyo hit me!
 
Is everything okay?
Ah-h! You're Tohru!
Right? Tohru Honda!
Did I get it right?
 
Uh-huh. That's me.
 
Now me! Guess who I am!
 
You're Momiji.
 
Ah! You remembered my name! I'm so happy!
Tohru, let's be friends, okay?
 
Sure!
 
Hey, Tohru... so you already know about the whole zodiac thing, right? Right?
 
Uh... right.
 
That's great! I can hug you!
 
Hold it, lover boy!
But Tohru doesn't mind if I transform in front of her! Do you, Tohru?
Do you even know where you are?
 
So, I guess he is a member of the zodiac, after all.
 
Kyo! You're just trying to keep Tohru all to yourself because she's so cute!
You probably hug her everyday!
 
What? Hell no!
Who would wanna do that?
 
Me!
 
Was that an explosion?
 
What's the matter?
 
Hey, what's with the rabbit?
 
Where'd Momiji go?
 
Hold on, aren't these Momiji's clothes? They are!
 
No way!
 
That's weird! He's not running around here naked, is he?
 
And what's with the rabbit?!
Where did it come from?
No kidding this is weird!
 
Could it be any weirder than me?
It's freakish, a boy in a dress...
 
Don't even say that!
You're the greatest!
 
Ah man, if you were a real girl, I'd be all over you!
I mean... you know...
 
Thank you so much, Yuki.
Embarrassing yourself like that just to divert everyone's attention...
 
You little brat! Do you know what you almost did?!
You are going to be grounded for one week.
What'd I do?
Tohru, they're scaring me!
 
Leave her alone!
It's your own damn fault!
I'm very disappointed in you.
We're only lucky Yuki was able to distract everyone.
Yeah. He just had to bat those pretty eyelashes a couple times--
Next time, I'll send you flying off the roof.
 
Damn rat...
 
Momiji, you really do have to be more careful.
 
Indeed. You'd do well to heed that advice...
Now, I think it's time we went home.
Aw, come on! I wanted to talk to Tohru some more.
 
Yes, it would be a shame if you couldn't stay a bit longer.
Take a moment, then... I'll give you that long to say your goodbyes.
 
Ha'ri, you're so dull.
 
You heard him! Go home!
 
Oh yes. I almost forgot something very important...
Yuki, Kyo. Stand over there, please.
 
What?
 
I want you both to give me a simple answer to this question.
What is the last letter of the alphabet?
''Z''?
 
Akito wanted me to take a picture of you while I was here.
That should be a very nice shot... So long, then.
 
Bye-bye!
 
Hatori! Come back here!
 
I guess I didn't get to find out whether or not Hatori was a member of the zodiac...
 
This is terrible...
I can only imagine what Akito will do if he sees a picture of me like this...
No, Yuki! Don't! It's cold out here! And your asthma... !
 
Anything would be better than wearing this stupid outfit...
 
But... just think of all the compliments you were getting.
It is not a compliment for a man to be called ''cute''.
 
I'm sorry... I guess I was going to say I thought you were cute, too...
Miss Honda... I'm sorry you had to see me like this...
I must seem pretty foolish to you... And I was, I guess...
I suppose I should have just told those senior girls 'no'.
Um, you know I don't think it's as bad as you think.
I know I always liked it when my mom told me I was cute.
It one of the ways she told me she loved me.
 
Tohru, you are so cu~te!
 
It always made me so happy...
It was just another way my mom showed her affection... and... and you know, thinking about it,
I really miss hearing her say it, too...
And so, it just means that everybody likes you, and...
I guess I'm not being very helpful, am I?
 
Well... I don't know...
Hearing you, when you put it like that, it does make me feel a bit better...
I suppose I can wear this thing a while longer, as a favor to the seniors...
But... uh... ...before I put it on, do you think you can give me a hand?
One of the buttons is snagged in my hair.
 
Oh, sure.
I can see how a dress like this might be a pain, putting it on or taking it off...
But if you tried it on, I'll bet this dress would look good on you...
Well thanks... but I don't know about that...
I guess I've never really been one to wear this sort of thing.
You'd be cute.
In fact, I'm sure of it...
You'd be very cute, Miss Honda.
 
 
Did you get the camera back?
 
Don't even start!
It wasn't any use.
 
Listen. Miss Honda?
Oh! Yes?
 
It's about Hatori...
If you ever see him again,
Ibthink it's best that you avoid being anywhere alone with him.
Oh? Why is that?
 
It's just... It's not that Hatori himself is a bad person or anything...
But still... I told you how, when I was young,
I transformed in front of all those other children...
All of their memories had to be erased, and the person responsible for that-- that person was Hatori.
That's the reason why I'm concerned...
I thought I should warn you about it now...
Tohru Honda of Class 1 -D...
Tohru Honda of Class 1 -D, please come to the first floor conference lounge.
 
Is that... me?
What for, I wonder.
Anyway, I guess I'll be right back.
Excuse me...
 
I apologize for having to page you like that.
But what with... Kyo... and Yuki around, it didn't seem you and I would have a chance to speak properly.
 
He just finished warning me, and here we are, alone!
 
Right to the point, then.
This is the address for the main Sohma estate.
I want you to come by on your next day off.
I believe you and I have several very important matters to discuss...
And it goes without saying, you are not allowed to speak of our meeting to Yuki and the others.
Nor are you allowed to refuse my request...
Am I being clear?
 
What should I do?
If I say no, does that mean my memory gets erased?
But what if I do go?
It could be he really only needs to talk to me.
And I guess Mom did always say
I should try to give people the benefit of the doubt.
 
I understand.
 
Don't worry! I'll be here to keep an eye on you!
And I'll keep the other one on Ha'ri...
So you should come over!
 
I didn't know you were here...
 
Momiji...
Hey, if I was her, I'd be scared to be alone with a creepy guy like you.
So, you're gonna come, right Tohru?
 
Well, I guess if Momiji is there with me, I won't be quite so nervous.
Still, it seems so odd that he would want me to come to the Sohma estate by myself like this...
And even more odd that I'm not allowed to say anything to Yuki or Kyo, or Shigure...
I wonder, exactly what's going to be waiting for me when I get there?
 
 
Now let's all gather,
Enjoying the company we share,
Our tears will dissolve into thin air,
As we drink up this wonderful life.
La, la, la...
Takin' in all the sweet love and life.
La, la, la...
Drinkin' up all this good love and life.
La, la, la...
Take it in all this sweet love and life.
 
 
 
When the snow melts, what does it become?
 
The answer is water, of course.
 
Bzz-bzz!
Nope! It becomes spring!
 
...she was the fresh vital spring, full of life and light.
 
I'm so sorry... I wasn't able to protect you... Forgive me...
I was the one who should have apologized.
I was the one who couldn't protect her...
 
No matter how much snow there is, it's all going to melt.
It always does...
