
We open with America in a medium close up shot.

America: Dude, I think the world conference can convene!

Camera cut aways to a wide shot of the conference room that is scrolling to the right.

America: Solving all of today’s-

Camera cuts to Belgium in a close up who looks up.

America: by talk-

Camera cuts to wide shot of the conference room again, continuing to scroll.

America: ing excessively. No matter how hard it seems

Camera cuts to Spain and a maid, who is pouring him coffee, in a mid shot.

America: anything with-

Camera cuts back out to the conference room, continuing to scroll.

America: enough meetings and photo-ops. Feel free to speak 

Camera goes to Sweden in a medium close up. Camera zooms out to the left and shows Finland in a two shot.

America: honestly while protecting your chance for-

Camera goes back out to conference room, which is now at the end of the shot.

America: Reelection.

Camera features a crayon drawn picture of an earth and a super hero standing next to it. America walks into shot, pointing at picture.

America: I’ll go first. That whole “using global warming to enslave humanity” thing, I think will be okay if we genetically engineer a huge hero and have him protect the Earth. I give you the “Super Hero Globo Man.”

Camera cuts to Japan in a medium close up shot. Some Japanese trills play in the back round.

Japan: I agree with America.

Camera zooms out to a two shot of Switzerland and Japan. Switzerland bangs on the table as he says his line.

Switzerland: Man up, or I’ll beat you with my peace prize!



Britain: There’s no way some hero will help global warming or humanity’s enslavement. 

Camera slides over to France in a mid close up. Roses appear around him as he speaks. Britain can be heard ranting in the back round.

France: Britain and America don’t agree, how can I be superior by using them both?

A small version of Britain appears, his facial expressions obviously in anger.

Britain: I’ve been caught!

A three shot is made of Britain, America, and France. France is in between the two and America is on the left hand side of France and Britain is on the right hand side. Britain is hand chopping; softly due to it assumes he experiences no pain, France’s head as America is poking it with a pen. Shot slowly zooms out from a mid shot of France.

America: You, frenchies, just love to hate America. Why not go back to making those hot green chick statues like you used to?

France: Agreeing with you two is disgraceful.

Britain: Unlike you guys, I’m more like a gentleman.

Camera cuts to a close up shot of China. Arguing of France and Britain is heard in the back round.

China: Western nations are so immature. I doubt they ever grow up. Maybe I can try appealing to them, the only option that seems to work.

Camera zooms out to a mid shot of China. China holds up weaved basket with a few bags of candy inside.

China: Would you guys like to sample some Chinese tasty teas?

Camera cuts away to Britain and France fighting, China standing in a slight over the shoulder shot with a look of shock on his face.

France and Britain: We’d just get hungry again!

Camera cuts away to a close up shot of Russia. Spain slides his head in the back round, but still visible to the viewer.

Spain: Hey, why don’t you say something, Russia? It’s all right to go and step right in.

Russia: What? Why me? No thanks.
Camera cuts to a shot of Lithuania in a close up with a small Russia depiction in the corner. A look of horror is displayed on Lithuania’s face.

Russia: I want to see Lithuania get in big trouble and come crawling back for help.

Camera cuts to a shot of Latvia crying in a chair. Belarus stands behind him and Russia walks over to hold his shoulder.

Russia: And Latvia will be right behind.

Camera cuts to a mid shot of Estonia, laptop in front of him.

Estonia: You’re so tough. Next you’ll try to pick a fight with Haiti. 

Camera cuts to Poland standing in between Russia and Lithuania with a hand up. His speech is muffled by the sound of the fighting of Britain and France. Camera cuts to Greece who is quietly asleep in his chair. Camera cuts to a mid shot of Germany who slams his hands on the table, standing up.

Germany: Everyone shut up!

Camera cuts to Britain and France. Britain has France by the collar and both are covered in bruises.

Britain and France: Germany!

Camera goes back to Germany’s mid shot.

Germany: We called this conference to solve the world’s problems! 

Camera goes to an extreme close up of Germany’s face.

Germany: Not to fight about our problems of the past. 

Camera goes back to mid shot.

Germany: and since I'm the only country who 

Camera goes to an extreme close up of Germany’s eye.

Germany: seems to know how to run a meeting, 

Camera goes to mid shot of Germany again.

Germany: we'll follow my rules from here on out! 

Camera goes into extreme close up of Germany’s mouth.

Germany: Eight minutes each for speeches! 

Camera goes to mid shot of Germany again.

Germany: No chitchat about side deals 

Camera goes to shot of Germany’s hand slamming down on a stack of paper.

Germany: and absolutely 

Camera goes to mid shot of Germany again.

Germany: no going over the time limit! 

Camera pans around the conference room.

Germany: Now if you want to go, make sure you're prepared and raise your hand! But do so in a way that does not mock any salute of my country's past.

Italy slowly raises his hand. Shot goes to Germany pointing at Italy.

Germany: Germany recognizes his friend, Italy!

Camera goes to close up of Italy. Italy raises his hand towards the camera slightly and closes his eyes while cheering his line.

Italy: Pasta!

(This is all supposed to be done in about 1:48)

Title screen plays out

(will be continued)
  