
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:1:&lt;h3&gt; 


Vol. #1 : The Empty Town - だれもいない町 from Episode 5. Chi Finds

The town with no people.
The town was completely empty.
There were houses, and lights could be seen from the windows.
But nobody was out in the streets.
I tried peeking in from the window.
There was someone there, but he was together with it.
I looked in the other houses.
They all were together with it.
Because it's fun to be with it.
It's more fun than to be with people.
So nobody comes out now.
This town is empty.
I am going on a journey.
I am going to go to another town.
I think it would be nice for someone to find me.
But if the one that is meant for me should one day happen to fall in love with only me.
That would be the day when I'll have to part with the one that is for me and only me.
Still, I want to meet the one that is for me and only me.
That is what I think as I walk through the town with no people.



Vol. #2 : The One Just for Me - アタシだけのヒト from Episode 10. Chi Meats

This town is empty, after all.
Every person is with it.
They never awaken from the fun dreams they have with it.
The time spent with it are dreams.
Time so wonderful they feel just like dreams.
It will grant any wish people have... and behave however people want it to.
It is not a person, so it can become a person's dream.
But it has one thing that it cannot do.
It cannot become a person.
It can take a person's place, but never become a person.
That is something that I know very well.
I know because I am me.

I began my search again for the one who's only for me.
The person who will love me because I am who I am.
The person who will still love me even if I cannot grant his dreams.
But...
Is there such a person out there?
I hope there is.
Will he love me and only me?
Will he really not seek anything from me?
If he can't love me for being me, then he is not the one for me.
Really?
Really.
There really is some one?
Yes.
Then, where is he?
I'm sure he is really close to me not so far away...
They must be someone that I can fall in love with...

But...
What if that person doesn't love me?
What if he falls for someone other than me?
A person's heart can't be erased or copied like "it."
That's why it's hard to change what a person has chosen.
I know.
A person's heart may be easy to change, but some cannot be changed at all.
Feeling of love are especially hard to change.
So, what would you do?
Then I will have to decide... decide and act upon it.
I will, with the other me...



Vol. #3 : Little by Little - すこしずつ




Vol. #4 : Please Find Me - 私をみつけて from Episode 23. Chi Decides

I lost the thing that was most dear to me.
A long time ago, something very bad happened to me.
It still makes my heart ache.
It made me very, very, very sad...
It was very painful.
It hurt a lot when I lost something so dear.
But I am searching.
That is why I am searching.

I am me that's who I am.
And I am it that's who I am.
I am myself.
I am not human.
But still...
All the more...
To love me because I am me.
I can love because that person is that person.
The One Just for Me.

I can tell.
I am you.
You are me.
That's why I know.
One person fills me up completely.
I'm happy when that person laughs.
I'm happy when that person is by my side.
Yes.
I'm happy when that person is happy.
He's different from the others.
This person is special.
You found him...
My dearest...
My special...
The one just for me.
I hope he finds me.
Just as I found him... and then fell in love because he was who he was.
I hope he finds me.
Things that I can do because I am me...
And things that I can do because I am me.
I hope he finds them.
And... I hope he falls in love with me because I am who I am.
From among all those people and things...
I want him to find me.
I want him to fall in love with me.
But...
If he cannot find me...



Vol. #4 : Please Find Me - 私をみつけて from Episode 24. The Person Only For Chi

A long time ago, something very bad happened to me.
It still makes my heart ache.
It made me very, very, very sad...
It was very painful.
It hurt a lot when I lost something so dear.
But I am searching... for the person just for me.
Someone who will love me because I am myself.
And I found him.
But that was the beginning of something even more painful.
It is painful to be next to him, though I could not do anything.
It is painful to see him go through pain.
That is why I decided to stop being in front of him and disappear.
I disappeared because I loved him.
And yet, it's even more painful being unable to see him.
And even more painful not being able to meet him.
I parted ways with him because I loved him...
You parted ways though you loved him?
Because that meant happiness for him.
What is happiness?
Happiness is...
Is this your happiness?
My happiness is right here.
My happiness exists only inside him.
Even if it's painful, even if it makes your heart ache.
Even if it makes my heart ache, I want to be with him.
Yes...
I found it.

I am here together with him.
We are happy.
  