
  Get your moccoletti! How 'bout a moccoletto! Join the celebration!



Gankutsuou
Act 1: At Journey's End, We Meet



Oh! Franz! Over here!

Ah, hello, milady!

When did you arrive on Luna?

I made a loop around the inner planets and arrived yesterday.

So... you're here in time to catch the end of Carnival. By the way... who is this?

Oh!

My traveling companion and best friend.

Viscount Albert de Morcerf, at your service. I am honored to meet you, Madame.

My... So you're the son of General Morcerf. Well... First time on Luna? I suggest you enjoy yourself. In this city, all your desires can be fulfilled, no matter what they are.


Apparently, he presents himself as a count. But I'm not so sure. Regardless what he is, Luna's society circles are abuzz with rumors. There are some who say he's an upstart who made his fortune on the frontier, or that he's an alien from outer space. Some even say that he's a monster in human form, or a vampire.

That might be going a little far...

Pardon, but... who is this person? I mean, what is his name?

He's called the Count of Monte Cristo.


Death is certain, its hour uncertain.


Are you sure you weren't dreaming or something? You know, daydreaming?

Get serious. This proves that it was real.

Mm-hmm... And?

I'm gonna use it to try and meet him. So what do you think?

Are you insane? That's a huge hassle. Look, forget about it. You have no idea who this guy is.

You sure you're right?

I know I am.

I beg your pardon, but are you Viscount Morcerf from room 405?

Um... uh... Yes... Yes, I am.

I have a message for you from my master, the Count of Monte Cristo. Please accept it.


Well? What do you think?

Uh, what do I think of what?

Why would he wanna meet two complete strangers like us?

His note said that he wants to establish good relations with fellow aristocrats staying in the same hotel. It's a coincidence.

I'm not so sure.

There you go again. You're such a worrywart.

At least tag along while I have dinner with him.

I have some doubts about whether he's even a real aristocrat. This is Luna, remember? He's almost certainly a con man!

How do you do, messieurs. I am the Count of Monte Cristo, and I'm delighted that you're here. You grace me with your presence.

Come now, this won't do. When a man has come all the way to Luna, he simply must try these dishes.

We thank you for your kindness, sir, but we seem to be the only ones who are eating. You haven't touched a thing all through dinner. Are you not feeling well?

Please, you needn't concern yourselves about me. Just as journeys traveled alone are dull and unsatisfying, meals eaten alone have no flavor. For me, speaking with enchanting guests as I am doing right now is really the greatest feast I could wish for. Please, help yourselves. By the way, I was wondering what you thought of the opera we attended?

Well, sir... I really don't go to see operas very often, but... But for some reason, this time I found myself drawn into the story!

Oh, I see. So, Monsieur Albert, are you saying to us that you have someone in the world for whom you pine, just as in the opera?

No, sir! Of course not!

Come on, Albert. You know that's not true.

Are you talking about Eugenie? We were chosen for each other by our parents. I've never experienced the same kind of intense love like the main character of that opera. I want something more in my life. Something I can lose myself in. Something to grab my heart and never let go. You see, I came on this journey to find that something.

Really? Why are you trying to make it sound so noble? I thought your goal was more focus below your waist.

Franz! Cut it out!

This is marvelous. Youth is such a wonderful thing. Endless possibilities. Hopes and dreams. And passion unencumbered.

Your Excellency, have you ever been in love like that?

...I have.

So what sort of a woman was she?

Albert! Don't be rude!

To be perfectly honest, I once had deep and passionate feelings for a certain enchanting woman. I had dreams of a long and happy life that are involved to this woman. However... Painful. In the end, those feelings and passion amounted to absolutely nothing. In short, all those dreams were only dreams. And in the place where those dreams lived stands the man that I have become today.

Bertuccio!

Excellency.

Bring coffee for our guests.

Gentleman, you honor me with your presence tonight.

Not at all, sir! The honor is ours!

In that case, I want you to join me on my balcony for luncheon tomorrow. It'll be wonderful. Will you come?

Oh, really, sir? We'd be honored to...

We're sorry, Your Excellency. We appreciate your kind offer, but we couldn't possibly accept.

Luna's public executions are the highlight of Carnival, you know. The festivities reach their peak as the blood of heinous criminals washes away all the crowd's sins. One has not experienced Luna's Carnival without having seen this. Is that not so, Monsieur Albert?

Yes! You're exactly right!

Very well then. I shall await you here in this room again tomorrow. Good evening.


Hey! Albert!

Yes?

What's the matter with you? You don't look so good.

It was so cold. His hand was... as cold as ice... It was like a corpse's hand...



GANKUTSUOU - The Count of Monte Cristo - 01



Who are today's condemned?

One is a man who committed murder out of his abject poverty. The second is a man who committed murder over a love affair. And finally, the third is a man who slaughtered an entire family to steal their possessions. All three of them are heinous criminals who are beyond forgiveness.

I did it to feed my family! I had no choice! My beloved wife and child! Please forgive me... Spare my life, I beg of you...

Stop that! Stop it at once!

My Lord Cardinal! Please! You have to believe me, I didn't murder anyone! My rival framed me! I could never murder anyone! I'm innocent! Please, My Lord, undo these chains! I didn't do it!

I suppose they're just saying anything that might earn them a reprieve, right?

I-I didn't do it! Please believe me! I didn't do anything!

You moron! Shut your damn trap! I'm sick of you and your constant whining! As for me, I murdered ten people! Women and children, I killed 'em all! How's that?! Now live it up, you bastards! C'mon! I wanna see some more happy faces out there!

It seems today's program would be most interesting. Don't you agree? I think we should have a bit of sport with this. A little sideshow to the execution, as it were. I have here in my possession a single letter. It is an official letter of pardon that was given to me by the Cardinal.

How in the world did you get something like that?

Unfortunately, I have but this one letter of pardon with which to play. Now, to make the choice of which man should get this letter an impartial one, I have written the initials of the condemned men on each card. Now, you need only to choose one from among the three. Come now, gentlemen, it's nothing more than a little game.

Just a minute, Your Excellency! If that's the case, then, shouldn't we hear what they have to say first?!

My good Monsieur Franz, this is nothing more than a game; we are not judges. Regardless of what we do, they are all going to die. I merely suggest that we make use of that fact in order to enjoy ourselves. At this moment, we have in our hands the power to offer the hand of salvation to one of these poor souls. I wonder, Monsieur... why do you hesitate to use that power to do good? Yes, it almost feels as if one has actually become God, does it not?

What's the matter with you?! You're using people's lives as some sort of game?! You're insane, sir! Come on, Albert! We're leaving!

A game...? Yes, it is a game. But of course to me, our own lives are merely pieces that are manipulated as part of someone else's game. Has it ever seemed that way to you, Monsieur Franz?

I'm afraid I wouldn't know. Come on, let's go!

I was truly hopeful that you and I would become good friends, Monsieur Albert. I'm most disappointed. You told me you set out on your journey in order to find something. To seek out and grab hold of an entirely new you. Through the exertion of your own will.

Come on, Albert! We're going!

Albert!

I'll... do it!

Don't! You'll be sorry if you do!

It is just a game. Isn't it?

No! Nooo!

Albert, please don't...

Nooo!

Albert, don't do it!

A pardon has been issued by the Cardinal! The man who is to be pardoned is... Rocca Briori, also known as Peppino!

Yeah! How do ya like that?! Thank you! Thank you, Your Mercy! Long live His Excellency the Cardinal!

See, Monsieur Albert? You have performed a good deed today. A truly good and noble deed. Watch, the show is about to begin.

Kill him! Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!

Regardless what happens next, you mustn't look away, Monsieur Albert. Not for an instant.

Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!


You mustn't hold anything back, Baptistin!

Forgive me, Your Excellency.

The time has come. My vengeance has finally been set into motion.


Hey, let's go to a cafe and clear our heads. Or how about the red-light district? Oh, right. Sorry about that. I forgot you don't do that sort of thing. Well, we could go to the casino.

Please, don't talk to me about gambling!

Hey! What's the matter with you? (sigh) In the first place, you were the one who was just dying to see it. And then you let the Count talk you into picking that card...

I know that! You don't have to tell me I know what I did!

“I brought this on my own head, and that's the reason I'm so upset right now! I'm just angry at myself!” That right?

You know, Franz, I'm getting tired of you always fussing over me! You think that you're my girlfriend or something? Are you my mother?! Are you?!

I'm going back to the hotel to get ready for the ball. What about you?

...Hmph!


You alone?

Uh-huh.

Tonight is the last night of this year's Carnival, you know. You shouldn't be alone on a night like this.

Yeah, but I want to be alone. See, today... was the worst day of my life.


Oh, Albert...


Oh... No, wait... Don't be in such a rush...

Shall we go?


PREVIEW:
A passing fling on Luna. It was a trap set by bandits. Moment by moment, the hour of death approaches. Next Gankutsuou, The Count of Monte Cristo, Act 2, Until the Sun Rises Over the Moon. Bide your time, and hold out hope!
  