
  PROLOGUE:
Mesdames and messieurs, good evening. The youth, who had been ravaged by poison, was restored to life through my friend's efforts. However, my friend said something to me. "l will not yet let his soul be lost. Not until the day that he himself snuffs out that light."



Gankutsuou
Act 10: The Letter From Edmond



Monsieur Albert.


Have you managed to get any sleep?

If there's one thing I have confidence in, it's my stamina.

That may be so, but you look like hell to me. It looks like Monsieur Villefort has laid off all of the maids and butlers.

Yes, I heard. After all that's happened, I just can't bring myself to leave her alone in this house. Besides, I've been thinking about something that Franz said. Getting married isn't necessarily the only way there is to make the person you love happy and content. And so, I've been mulling it over, trying to figure out the most important thing that Mademoiselle Valentine needs, so I can give it to her.

And what do you think that is?

She may be asleep now, but I think that Mademoiselle Valentine is lonely to the point of crying. So, at the very least, I want to make sure that I'm sitting right by her side when she finally comes around. Which is why I made up my mind. I'm taking her to Marseilles, to our family home to recuperate. I don't want her to have to endure any more pain or suffering.

I had a feeling you would be here.

Your Honor, I came here today to discuss--

Mark my words, boy. If you dare try to take my daughter even a foot from this house, I'll have you hunted down and arrested as a kidnapper. That is not a threat.

But, Your Honor, the things that are happening in this house are--

Are none of your business! Now get out! You, too, Albert. I want you out!

Begging your pardon, Your Honor, but somebody out there is trying very hard to kill off your whole family! I was almost killed myself!

"Somebody" is trying to kill us? If there's anyone close to hand who could be described as suspicious, it would be that impudent fraud of a Count whom you call your friend! Be clear! From now on, this is strictly a family affair! I forbid you from interfering with us!


"The following is a report regarding my investigation on the Count of Monte Cristo. In the course of visiting the various locations indicated by Your Honor, I discovered quite by accident that a certain old priest had been making a similar set of inquiries all around Marseilles. He has visited this area several times during the past three months, always asking questions. The priest seems to be gathering information on an old man who lived here sometime ago and died penniless alone. The old man's name was Louis Dantes. In order to ascertain the priest's true objectives, as well as to clarify the connection between him and the Count of Monte Cristo, I plan to investigate the house that Louis Dantes lived in while he was still alive."

"The old man's name was Louis Dantes."

Louis Dantes... Dantes?!

Papa! My school play is today. You're coming, aren't you?

Didn't your mother tell you? Some urgent business has come up that I must attend to. I'm sorry.

But, Father, you promised you'd come! You said you'd come this time, no matter what!

Your papa's work keeps him very busy, Edouard.

I don't care about that! You're a liar, Papa!

Get him out of here. As his mother, it's your job to explain these things to him!

But Edouard has been so excited and looking forward to you seeing his play this afternoon...

I don't care how excited he was! Stop bothering me!

Tell my teacher that the yellow dwarf isn't gonna be in the play...!


Monsieur.

What is it? You're still here? Go get your bags packed and hurry up about it!

Pardon, Monsieur... An invitation to a funeral just arrived.

What is the meaning of this...?


It's all well and good that I've been fortunate enough to inherit such vast land holdings, but there's still so much I don't understand.

The first thing is to learn the law inside and out. That goes doubly when you've come into possession of a huge inheritance. If we don't keep estate taxes and whatnot under control, it can become a big problem.

I didn't know that. Truth be told, I'm currently looking for an experienced and talented partner who will be able to effectively manage my assets.

Oh, a partner, you say?

Mademoiselle Eugenie, would it be all right if I paid you a visit in your room shortly?

I'm sorry, but right now I'm in the middle of my piano lessons.

Oh, for Heaven's sake... Please forgive my daughter's lack of charm.

Of course.

Now this is just between you and me, but there's a bit of a scandal beginning to brew around her fiancé's family.

What's the matter?

N-Nothing...


Excuse me. I have a letter here for the General.

Oh. Thanks.

Edmond Dantes...? Who's that?


Yes?

I'm sorry, are you working?

No. Come in. I was just finishing things up.

Father, I want to talk to you about something.

You do, eh? Have a seat. With the election drawing near, there are so many urgent matters to be attended to.

I can imagine. Oh, this was addressed to you.

This is a funeral invitation.

The thing is, I just spent the day visiting Valentine over at Villefort Manor. Father, I would really like to get her away from that place. I was wondering if there was anything that you could do to persuade her father to go along with that. She's in great danger every minute she stays in that house. You see, Monsieur Villefort might listen if you were to ask him!

Why do you feel to idiotically need to poke your nose into another family's private affairs?

What do you mean, why? My friend is--

Neither you nor your friend have any right to throw someone else's house into turmoil on a foolish whim!

How could you say that?! You have no idea what's going on! If we don't do something--

My answer is no! I don't want you involved any further!

What are you so angry about?! My friend is in terrible trouble, and you're telling me to just walk away and abandon her?!

Hmph.

Forget it. It was stupid of me to even ask!


What's the matter, Albert? You look upset.

I got into a shouting match with Father, that's all.

Oh.

Mother, do you know someone by the name of Edmond Dantes?

(gasps) ...Did you say Edmond Dantes?

Yeah. That was the name on a letter that came in for Father today. The instant Father saw that name, he started acting strangely so I was curious.

What's the matter?

Oh, it's really nothing. I haven't been sleeping well lately, that's all.

I guess with the big election almost here, you must be really tired, too.

Yes, I suppose that might be it.

You should take it easy.

Who is he? Who is Edmond Dantes?

That man... long dead...



GANKUTSUOU - The Count of Monte Cristo - 10



What could possibly be worth coming all the way out here for?


Damn!

I guess this means you were sent one of these, as well.

Who's behind this?

I don't know.

I see it's just a stupid prank. I think we should all get out of here.

But would they send for us?

Whoever it is knows about the connection between us.

Well, well, well, the gang's all here...

Just who the hell are you?

Wait, I know you.

That's right, I'm your old friend Caderousse. Now that you've made it big, have you forgotten about me along with all those unpleasant memories? I see you're all big, powerful men now, not at all like in the old days!

So, you're the one who's behind all this, Caderousse? What kind of stupid stunt is this?!

Don't you see? I've been sent one of these invitations, too! Just like you! Look!

Who could have sent these?

It would seem that someone else must know about us.

What's going on here, I wonder...?

You're asking me who else knows the connection we all have? Besides the four of us? Only the man who signed this.

You're talking about Edmond Dantes?

But he was sent to the Chateau d'If...

Yes, and he died.

The dead man has once again come back to us! Edmond would never forget what we did to him, even from beyond the grave. He would never forget what we did, not in a million years.

So whose body is in here, then? Whose body is lying there in that coffin?! I don't understand!

Open it right now!

No! No, please! Please, I don't want to!

Stop whimpering and open it!

Please don't make me, please!

Go on!

Hurry up and do it!

Oh... Boville...!


Come on, this way! Hurry!

Do you really think it's okay for the three of us to be doing this?

It doesn't matter. There's no other way!


Mama, did you hear a strange noise upstairs just now?

No. But perhaps your grandfather fell out of his wheelchair again.

And with Valentine asleep, there's really no one up there to help him get back in it, huh?

It might turn out to be a good rehabilitation exercise for him.


Hey, watch it!

Right, sorry.

Monsieur Noirtier...

I promise, I will keep Mademoiselle Valentine safe.

Is it me, or is he saying that he wants us to go that way?

I don't...

I don't believe it! It was really her?!


You were gone a long time. Where have you been?

That's none of your business.

Aww... I am so offended! Gosh, and here I was gonna tell you some great news you're gonna like.

Tell me what?

Maximilien decided to put his plan for Mademoiselle Valentine into action.

What?

The scene of the crime, Villefort Manor. Maximilien brought two accomplices, Franz and Chateau-Renaud. They came by here to get you, but nobody could find you anywhere.


What's the matter?

Commander! Commander! This is Edouard! We just spotted all three criminals, sir! Good work! Apprehend them immediately!

And just what do you three kidnappers think you're doing with my daughter?


Exactly what are you doing in here, my son?

Nothing...

You seem to be doing an extraordinary amount of research about me. What is it that you're trying to learn? Do you wish to know something about me? Or something about the Count of Monte Cristo? Allow me to tell you all about both of them. It will be far faster... this way!


Monsieur. Monsieur!

What is it?

There seems to be some sort of commotion in front of the manor.

What?

It's them...! Summon my men immediately!


PREVIEW:
The lovers depart, and new misgivings arrive. Unexpected news leaves me at a loss. Next Gankutsuou, The Count of Monte Cristo, Act 11: An Engagement Broken. Bide your time, and hold out hope!
  