
  #11
堕落天使
Gamblers and Gallantry (Fallen Angel)



Fuu: I wonder if those two are out finding work like they're supposed to...

Clerk: All right, Fuu! Your order's up.

Fuu: Okay!


Jin: Pardon me for intruding.

Shino: Huh?

Jin: This canal is not as deep as it appears. If you'd like to drown yourself, it would be wise to choose another location.

Shino: Did it look to you like I would do that? I was just lost in thought, that's all.

Jin: ......

Shino: What? You think I'm lying? My goodness, it must have looked like I'm terribly sad to you. Honestly, I wouldn't put myself through something that painful. Thank you for the warning, nonetheless. Goodbye.


Mugen: C'mon! C'mon! You can take this guy! Do it! Do you wanna win this thing or not?! Yo, asshole! Piece of shit!


Jin: Excuse me.

Stall-keeper: Huh? Oh, great! You're here for the part-time job, right? Boy, are you a lifesaver! Mind the stall for me, will ya?

Jin: I understood this job was to involve my sword.

Stall-keeper: There's gonna be plenty of use for that. Don't stress it, with all this rain, business is gonna be totally dead tonight.

Jin: Hold on. Wait!

Stall-keeper: All right, buddy! It's all yours!


Shino: One grilled eel, please. Oh my, aren't you the samurai from earlier? So you work as an unagi vendor?

Jin: No, this is not what I normally do.

Shino: There, that's the one! I want that feisty little guy right in the middle.

Shino: That won't work! You'll never catch an eel using brute force. You've got to anticipate their moves... Now! An eel's like a good woman. If you try to hang on to them by force, they'll only run away. After it's fixed in place, then you...

Jin: This I can do.

Shino: Hold on a minute! Eels are Hamamatsu's pride and joy! You're asking for bad luck if you're just hacking away at it.

Jin: Hmm...

Shino: What'll it be, ma'am?

Customer: Three grilled eels, please.

Shino: Sure thing! Here, get 'em ready to go.

Customer: I'm in a rush. Can I get five of 'em?

Shino: Yes, sir.

Customer: Two for me, please.

Shino: Get the sauce ready! You got to move faster. Uh...

Jin: ......

Shino: All right, everybody! Step right up! It'll double your energy and keep your healthy, too! Grilled eel -- it's Hamamatsu's specialty! You know what you need tonight, you need some grilled eel!

Shino: Not bad for a day's work. Business was really booming. What am I doing? I just went out for a walk and ended up working!

Jin: Allow me to cook one for you.

Shino: My... When you cook something, you make sure it's well-cooked.

Jin: Hm?

Shino: You went through all the trouble, how can I not eat it? Here goes nothing! Wow... your cooking is really quite amazing. I'm pretty sure that this is the worst thing I've ever eaten. But I suppose that's a talent in another self.

Jin: ...Some water.

Shino: I'd rather have tea. Phew... Finished. Thank you. I'm sure I'll have some wonderful memories from this. Goodbye.

Jin: Memories?

Shino: Tomorrow morning, I start working in a brothel. So this is really my last day to walk around freely. My husband fell into debt, and I'm the only collateral we have. This happens all the time, I suppose. Well, goodbye. It's been fun.

Jin: ......



Mugen: Ah, c'mon now, put your back into it, buddy.

Fuu: Hi there, I'm back.

Mugen: Hmm?

Fuu: I won't like the answer, but... what are you doing?

Mugen: What's it look like what I'm doin'? I'm trainin' 'im.

Fuu: Huh?

Mugen: It's for beetle sumo wrestling. I'm gonna train this dude here and enter him in matches.

Fuu: Weren't you gonna take a job as a bodyguard?

Mugen: Yeah, I quit that.

Fuu: You what?! You know we need the money!

Mugen: Ease up on the nagging. Soon we're makin' a shitload of cash with this bad boy.

Fuu: You are such a jerk! Get a job!


Jin: Excuse me.

Shino: You came all the way here just to return this?

Jin: Yes, I did.

Shino: That's very sweet. But I'm afraid I won't be needing that old thing anymore. I'm not allowed to go into the outside world. It could rain for days on end, and it won't be of any significance to me. You know, if you'd like to, you're welcome to keep it for yourself. Look at you, you're completely soaked.

Brothel Bantou: Kohana. You've got a customer.

Shino: Ah yes, I'll be right there, sir.

Jin: By the way...

Shino: Huh?

Jin: Would you please... tell me what your name is?

Shino: My name is Shino. However, I won't be needing that anymore, either. Tell me yours.

Jin: It's Jin.

Shino: Well thank you, Jin. Goodbye.


Mugen: Yeah, baby! Bring home the bacon if you wanna eat!

Fuu: It's times like this when I ask myself why am I watching two bugs fight each other? It's not gonna win just because he made it drag a rock around for a day...

Mugen: C'mon! Do it, Rodriguez! Take him down! Get him, dammit! Yeah!

Fuu: No way! You actually won!


Shino: Did I forget something else at the unagi stand?

Jin: No.

Shino: You came here for a woman, then? I'm sorry. I'm afraid that you have to leave. You're interfering with business. My time is not my own now, I can't sit here and chat with you. Please, don't come here again.

Brothel Bantou: Welcome, sir! Have you spotted a girl that strikes your fancy? We have some beau--

Jin: I'm broke.

Brothel Bantou: Huh? We got a window-shopper.

Bodyguard: Hey, buddy. We ain't runnin' this business just so a poor samurai can have some free eye candy.

Bodyguard: You want some action, come back with some cash!

Bodyguard: Get lost!

Bodyguard: You're bad for business!

Bodyguard: Heh! Don't ever come here again!



サムライチャンプルー - 11



Mugen: So? Whaddya have to say now?

Fuu: Well after we pay back the guy for letting us stay here... we'll still have tons left! And it's going straight into our savings!

Mugen: Yo, loosen up the purse's strings! That happens to be my seed money to make more cash! Huh?

Fuu: Huh? Jin! What happened? How'd you get all beat up?

Jin: I'm fine, really...

Fuu: No, you're not. Look at you...

Jin: You've got money.

Fuu: When did you--

Mugen: Hey, it was my bug that won that match, I'll do whatever I want with it.

Jin: Let me have it.

Mugen: Say what?!

Fuu: What do you want it for?

Jin: I need to buy a woman.

Both: Huh?


Shino: It's you! I thought I asked you not to come here.

Bodyguard: Back again for another ass whooping, huh? Got a thing for getting yourself beat up?

Brothel Bantou: Please come in, kind sir! Is Kohana who you'd like for the evening? Um, I'm afraid I have to ask for your swords. House rules, sir. Enjoy yourself.


Fuu: So, just what do you think Jin meant by what he said? Do you really think he's going to buy some woman?

Mugen: Hey, I'm glad to hear it.

Fuu: What?

Mugen: Well, ya know, I was gettin' suspicious. You ever seen him check out a girl?

Fuu: So who cares?

Mugen: That's a pretty good sign he's queer.

Fuu: No way!

Mugen: Well, at least now we know what team he's playin' for.

Fuu: What do you know? What I don't get is why he thinks he needs another woman when he's got me around.

Mugen: What? You're sayin' you wanna be his main squeeze?

Fuu: That's not what I said...!

Mugen: You got the figure of a wood plank.

Fuu: Ack. (grunts) I do not! Clothing just makes me look slender.

Mugen: Yeah, right.

Fuu: It's the truth!

Mugen: Well, show me what you got then.

Fuu: Brace yourself 'cause it's an eyeful! ...I'm having second thoughts...

Mugen: You're jealous, aren't you?

Fuu: Huh?! Of course I'm not jealous! What in the world would lead you to believe I'm jealous?! Nope! Lone wolf wannabes like Jin with that far-off look of theirs, the kind that doesn't let you know at all what they're thinking, are so not my type!

Mugen: (snores)

Fuu: Huh? And his snore!


Shino: Would you like some sake?

Jin: No.

Shino: I see.

Jin: That's all right. Can we just sit?

Shino: If you like, but you're paying a whole lot of money just to sit here... Well, my unagi stand friend, will this rain ever stop?

Jin: That's not my stand. I'm traveling, and I'm trying to earn enough money for lodgings.

Shino: So you're a wanderer, then.

Jin: I've been held up in this city for a while due to the rain.

Shino: Oh, I see. So as soon as it stops raining, you'll leave.

Jin: I hope that the rain will never stop.

Shino: What?

Jin: If it continues, I'll be able to stay here forever.

Shino: (chuckles)

Jin: That wasn't meant to be a joke.

Shino: I'm sorry... It's just that nobody talks like that anymore.

Jin: Miss Shino... This must be difficult for you.

Shino: Sure, this is a very difficult time. The thing is, when I'm really sad, I find that that's when I tend to laugh the most. I get so frustrated that all I do is laugh.


Brothel Bantou: I swear, this rain is killing my business. My only customer today was a samurai who wears glasses. He seems to have a thing for Kohana, this new girl I got working here. Heh. Her husband's such a loser, he had to sell his wife to get outta debt. Guess that's what happens when it's illegal for you to divorce your husband. You get stuck paying for his lousy mistakes.


Jin: Let's leave this place.

Shino: Where would we go?

Jin: I can't let you do this anymore...

Shino: You make it sound so simple. Do you have any idea how much it costs to buy a prostitute's freedom? Even if there were a hundred of you, you still wouldn't have enough to afford it. When I got married, my parents were relieved that I was marrying into money. But my husband had a gambling problem, and soon he'd amassed a massive amount of debt. The next thing I knew, the girl who owns the drug store had become the town whore. Please do me a favor and let's change the subject. I appreciate the sentiment, but... I'm afraid it's nothing more than a daydream.

Brothel Bantou: I beg your pardon, sir, but Kohana, you have a visitor.

Shino: I'll be right there. Unfortunately, our fantasy time is over. The real world is out there waiting for us.


Hanjiro: Aw, c'mon, have a heart, Shino. Spot me a little bit.

Shino: You don't really believe that I have money, do you?

Hanjiro: Aw, baby, don't be like that... Nobody slip you some tips? Hmmm?

Shino: Why don't you deal with your gambling problem and try to earn an honest living?

Hanjiro: What did you say?! You still got a problem with my gambling? Huh? What, you wanna leave me? Well, too bad, because I don't feel like cuttin' ya loose yet. Arrgh! What do you think you're doing, you son of a bitch?! Arrgh... I'm her husband! I can do whatever the hell I want to her! Rrrgh!

Shino: All right, that's enough! Let him go!

Hanjiro: Asshole! Listen, bitch, I'm gonna bleed you dry for the rest o' your life! Think about that!


Mugen: (snoring)

Fuu: Where are you going? Back to that Kohana lady? What for? I mean, I understand why you'd feel sorry for her, but--

Jin: It's not out of pity.

Fuu: You're not gonna stand here and tell me that you're actually in love with this woman, are you? Jin, are you thinking about running away with her?

Jin: If for some reason I'm unable to make it back...

Fuu: Huh?

Jin: ...I want the two of you to continue on.

Fuu: You're serious...? But you can't just leave. You promised that you'd help me find the sunflower samurai. If you leave, I won't speak to you again. We've come all this way! How can you do this? You promised me!

Jin: Forgive me.

Fuu: You are such a jerk!


Shino: Welcome back. Something wrong?

Jin: We're leaving now.

Shino: Huh?

Jin: Pack what you need.

Shino: You're joking. It's hopeless... Even if I do make it out of here, they'll hunt me down 'til they find me.

Jin: There's a shelter for women like you across the river. If you ask for refuge, they might help you.

Shino: Yes, but... even if they do let me stay, I'll be a prisoner there too. You'll have to stay there for three years. You and I won't be able to see each other, either. I'd much rather spend my time here waiting for you.

Jin: When I met you on the bridge that day... you were planning to kill yourself, weren't you?

Shino: ...I was. If you hadn't come by when you did, I know that right now I'd be... Let's leave place together.

Brothel Bantou: My apologies for interrupting you, sir, but your time with Kohana is up now.

Shino: (fake moaning) You're amazing...!

Jin: I'll take an extension.

Brothel Bantou: Take your time, sir!

Jin: I'll be waiting for you below.

Shino: But what if...

Jin: It'll be all right.

Brothel Bantou: Now, sir, er, about that extension fee... Huh? Hey, what do you think you're doing?! You're not going anywhere, bitch!

Jin: Let go!

Pursuer: There she is!

Pursuer: Don't let them get away!

Brothel Bantou: Sorry, but... life doesn't always work out the way we want it to.

Mugen: I thought you said things between you two were over!

Fuu: Oh, shut up and hurry!

Mugen: I got outta bed for this?

Fuu: Jin!

Mugen: Let's get my cash back!

Jin: Hurry!

Hanjiro: Shino! Hey there, baby. You try to run away from me, will you?

Shino: I won't spend another second of life paying for your mistakes.

Hanjiro: Huh?

Shino: I am taking back my life right here and now!

Hanjiro: Ugh!

Shino: That's what it cost to free the woman who used to be your wife.

Pursuer: There she is! She's getting away!

Shino: Jin! ...Thank you so much.
  