
Mugen: Let me get behind you, huh? You're gettin' sloppy, lettin' your guard down like that!

Fuu: What're you two doing?

Mugen: Mornin' workout. We're done.


Fuu: I swear, what is it with you two? Why do you have to attack each other at the drop of a hat for no good reason? You'd think that two grown men would have something better to do. Geez! You two owe me your lives, remember? If it weren't for me, you'd both be history right now. So I'm not gonna let you two break your promise to me, got it? Until we find the samurai who smells of sunflowers, you guys are absolutely forbidden to fight one another, is that clear? I have absolutely no idea why you men feel it's necessary to use up all the energy, working up a sweat doing all that pointless physical exercise when we're almost starving to death! Not to mention, I haven't had a bath in ages and ages! My good looks are gonna be ruined. People are gonna think I'm some old hag or-- What in the? What're you guys up to? It's creepy.

Mugen: If you ask me, I'd say you got a lot on the ball. Right?

Jin: Right.

Fuu: I'm not sure I like this...

Mugen: Yeah, I gotta admit, you're the bomb. A babe like you would do fine on your own. Right?

Jin: Right.

Fuu: What the hell does that mean?

Mugen: What we mean is...

Fuu: Huh?

Mugen: Sayonara, sweetheart!

Fuu: Hey, wait! You've gotta be kidding me!



#3
以心伝心　其ノ一
Hellhounds for Hire (Part 1)



Shop Owner: Welcome, have a seat!

Mugen: I'll go sit here.

Shop Owner: Sir, there are plenty of other--

Shop Owner: Excuse me, sir, but perhaps you don't understand. These guys are made men, if you know what I mean, sir...

Mugen: You mean... Yakuza?

Mugen: Yakuza... Ain't they the dudes who need to get their boss's permission before they take a dump?

Thug: What the hell did you say?!

Thug: Don't you know who we are? We're the Nagatomi Gang, you fool!

Mugen: So you've got lots of dough. Why not spread it around a little?

Thug: M-My hand!

Thug: You bastard!

Mugen: Chill out, dudes. I'm hungry and I'm in a bad mood. Could cost you a whole lot more than one hand.

Thug: A real comedian!

Thug: Try laughing when you're dead!

Thug: You're history, you little punk!

Rikiei: Hold it.

Thug: Hm? But why, Boss?

Mugen: Hmm?

Rikiei: How would you like me to treat you to something a lot better than this stuff? You're strong, and you've got a lot of guts. I like you.

Thug: Huh? But, Boss!

Rikiei: You don't get it. Not one of you is a match for this man.

Mugen: Guess some of them crab thingies wouldn't be too shabby.

Rikiei: Come with me.


Dice Roller: Place your bets, place your bets!

Gamblers: Cho! Han! Cho! Han!

Dice Roller: Place your bets!

Gambler: Han!

Gambler: Han!

Daigoro: I'll be cho... Come on!

Dice Roller: Play! Two-five, han!

Ishimatsu: Guess it's not your night. You lost, Bando pops, it's time to pay up.

Mugen: What's up, dude? I haven't seen any crabs yet.

Rikiei: Relax. I own this place. I'll get you whatever you want.

Dice Roller: Finall call, place your bets!

Gambler: I'm han!

Gambler: Give me cho!

Rikiei: Gonna be cho this time.

Mugen: Hmm?

Rikiei: I know something else, it's a sure thing, too.

Mugen: Huh?

Rikiei: Before long, a man's status and title won't mean anything in this country. All that'll matter is who has the most power.

Dice Roller: Play! Six-six, cho!

Rikiei: My intuition's never gone wrong yet.

Mugen: Hmm.


Osuzu: All right, Sousuke, who was the founder of Confucianism?

Osuzu: Daydreaming again?

Sosuke: I, uh... What was it, again?

Osuzu: For goodness sake, Sousuke, you were the one who asked me to tutor you, remember?

Ishimatsu: You bastard! You think you're really funny, huh? The fact that I'm here means you're in serious trouble.

Daigoro: Please, don't take my store, it's all I have left! I'm begging you!

Thug: Oh, yeah? What the hell were you gambling for if you couldn't cover your marker?

Daigoro: That game was fixed, I know it was!

Ishimatsu: You shouldn't slander other people's reputations like that. If you have proof you were cheated, would you show it to me?

Osuzu: Father?

Daigoro: G-Go back inside now!

Ishimatsu: When someone can't pay us, they have to pay us something of equal value instead.


Shop Owner: Welcome, sir. What can I get for you?

Jin: Well, actually, the thing is...

Shop Owner: Mister, don't tell me you're broke.

Jin: ......

Shop Owner: Oh, no! Not again! No offense, but I've already dealt with one penniless vagrant today. He caused quite a commotion, you know.

Jin: Any idea where I might find some work?

Shop Owner: Ah, you're a sword for hire. Well, I'd say you arrived here at just the right time. For many years, this town's been controlled by Yakuza called the Kawara Gang. Been that way as long as I can remember. The Kawaras are all right, they do as much for this town as anyone. And their boss is so kindhearted, he's called Heitaro the Buddha. This has always been a peaceful town, but then about six months ago, those thugs called the Nagatomi Gang showed up... And since then, everything's changed...


Daigoro: Please, Mr. Heitaro! Is there something you can do? If not, they'll take over my business, I'll lose my shop, I'll lose everything!

Heitaro: Raise your head, Daigorou, and listen to me. You and I have known each other for a long time. And O-Suzu there is taking excellent care of my son. Naturally, I'll help you in any way I can. However, since you've no proof to substantiate your allegations, there's nothing I can do.

Henchman: But, Boss! Daigorou isn't the only one it's happened to! Almost every gambler in town has been swindled by those goons!

Henchman: We could lose everything to the Nagatomi Gang, even our women!

Henchman: At this rate, it won't be long before they gain control of our entire territory!

Henchman: Boss!

Henchman: Boss!

Henchman: Boss!


Rikiei: The weak get eaten by the strong. I've risen to where I am now by devouring every weakling that crossed my path -- one after the other. Everything around here that's worth calling a town already belongs to me. And now, this one will, too.

Mugen: (crunch) Tough little bastard!

Rikiei: You are an interesting guy. How would you like to join forces with me?

Mugen: Huh?

Rikiei: If we combine my expertise and money with your courage and raw power, no one could stop us. So how about it? Want to take over the country with me?

Mugen: That game with the dice was rigged, wasn't it?

Rikiei: What's that?

Mugen: "Take over the country," my ass. You're even phonier than your dice.


Shop Owner: And that's the way it stands, at least for now. I figure it's got nothing to do with me, regardless of how it turns out.

Jin: I have no money.

Shop Owner: Well, if you're looking for a way to earn some quick cash, the Nagatomi Gang is always looking for bodyguards. Seems like they never have enough.

Shop Owner: Speak of the devil, they're here... That's the Nagatomi Gang right now.

Shop Owner: Good afternoon.

Sosuke: Give me that I.O.U.! Hand it over!

Thug: Well, well! What do we have here? Why, it's little Kawara junior!

Sosuke: You've got an I.O.U. from O-Suzu's father! Now hand it over!

Sosuke: If you didn't cheat him out of his money, he wouldn't owe you anything, you bastards!

Thug: What's your problem, kid?

Thug: Get lost. Kid, come back when you grow up.

Sosuke: G-Give it back!

Thug: You better run along home, your mama's waitin' for ya, boy!

Jin: You there. Boy.

Thug: Huh?

Jin: I believe you have need of a bodyguard. Watch and I'll show you my skill.

Thug: Say what?!

Thug: You third-rate samurai!

Sosuke: Give me that...! Give me the I.O.U.! Give it...!

Thug: Here! Take the damn thing, and I hope you choke on it!

Thug: You'll pay for this, you bastard!



SAMURAI CHAMPLOO - 03



Fuu: Oh! I just can't believe those two. How could they run off like that and abandon me? Fine, see if I care! I don't need them! I'll look for the sunflower samurai by myself! (stomach growling) I sure am hungry...

Fortune Teller: You there.

Fuu: Huh?

Fortune Teller: You seem to be searching for something.

Fuu: Yes, you're absolutely right, I am!

Fortune Teller: Ah, you're searching for two men.

Fuu: Hm? Two men? Hmm... Oh, you mean those two. Hmm... Uh... This is all I have left, could you tell me where to look?

Fortune Teller: Hmph. Well, I'll give you a hint: I would beware of vases if I were you.

Fuu: Vases?


Thug: Hey, Ishimatsu!

Ishimatsu: What? You look like you've seen a ghost.


Rikiei: You say he was a bodyguard?

Thug: Yes, sir! And a damn tough one, let me tell ya! He was so fast that I didn't even see him draw his sword.

Ishimatsu: So he beat you, and you ran back here, crying like babies?

Thug: Y-Yes, sir...

Mugen: (laughs) Sounds like fun. Leave it to me, I'll take care of him for ya.

Rikiei: Is that so? Well, that's mighty fine of you.

Ishimatsu: Hold on, sir. If it's muscle you need, that's what I'm here for.

Rikiei: That man isn't merely hired muscle, Ishimatsu. He is my partner.

Rikiei: Hey.

Ishimatsu: This gang doesn't need two men doing the same job. The one who survives will protect this gang. C'mon!

Mugen: C'mon, bring it, dude. Give me your shot.

Mugen: Pretty sweet.

Rikiei: That's enough.

Mugen: Huh?

Rikiei: Ishimatsu, get over to that cabinet maker's place and grab his daughter.

Ishimatsu: What? But, boss! One of the younger guys could do that!

Rikiei: Have you forgotten how to follow an order?


Sosuke: Thanks a lot, sir. Without your help, I-- Huh? Hey, wait up! Hold on! I'm sure my father will agree to hire you as a bodyguard. Please say you will.

Jin: Why is it that you carry a sword?

Sosuke: Huh?

Jin: That isn't a toy. If they'd cut you down, they would have been within their rights. Never carry a weapon unless you're willing and able to use it. Now, if you'll excuse me.

Sosuke: You think you can make fun of me because I'm a kid, don't ya? But one day... One day, I'll...


Vase Merchant: Oh, no!

Fuu: I'm so sorry!

Vase Merchant: This is terrible. Just terrible! I sure hope you can pay for it.

Vase Merchant: I said you've got enough money to pay for this vase.

Fuu: Vase...? What's it's worth?

Vase Merchant: A hundred ryo.

Fuu: How much?!

Vase Merchant: Listen, lady, you shouldn't go around breaking things if you can't afford to pay for 'em!

Man: How much do you need? 100 ryo?

Fuu: Uh... Yeah.

Man: Then you're in luck. I have a job that you're perfect for.

Fuu: You do?

Fuu: Huh...? What're you... Hey, wait! Wait!


Osuzu: No!

Daigoro: O-Suzu!

Osuzu: Stop it! Let go!

Daigoro: O-Suzu!

Ishimatsu: [　　　　　　　　　　　　], old man. We're not monsters, you know. But she'll be working off your debt till it's paid in full, so you won't be seeing her for a while.

Daigoro: Please, let her go! I'll pay you back as soon as poss-- Aagh!

Ishimatsu: Hey, it's out of my hands. You need to take that up with the Kawara Gang. This was about your family, but now it's a lot more complicated. You have only yourself to blame, because your friends hired a tough bodyguard, who took back your I.O.U..

Heitaro: Ishimatsu!

Ishimatsu: Hmm? Mr. Heitaro. You used to be my boss, but not anymore. Address me respectfully or not at all. Now, let's go.


Fuu: Aagh! Ugh! That hurt...! What's going on?!

Prostitute: You're going to work until you've earned that 100 ryo!

Fuu: Wait a minute, do you mean to tell me that this is--

Prostitute: It's a brothel, of course. What did you think it was?

Fuu: You're kidding me...


Sosuke: Dad, listen to this.

Heitaro: Is that the bodyguard I've been hearing about? Where is the I.O.U.? You little fool! O-Suzu's going to be forced to work in the brothel. She was taken there a few minutes ago.

Sosuke: No way...

Heitaro: You must have known what would happen. An eye for an eye -- that's the way the Nagatomis handle everything. Which is why, for all our sakes, I’ve chosen not to confront them.

Henchman: Boss, we can't stand it anymore!

Henchman: Let's raid their headquarters!

Heitaro: That’s exactly what they want us to do. Anger breeds more anger, destroying those around it. And it’s begun, it's a never-ending cycle. And that is why I’m afraid I must ask your guest to leave now. The Kawara Gang has no need of a bodyguard.

Sosuke: They're walking all over us, doesn't it bother you?! And what about O-Suzu?! You can just leave her there! You're always things like "Anger breeds more anger," or "Don’t spill blood unless it’s necessary." Well, that might have worked when there was peace, Dad, but not now. Not anymore! Those days are over! Let's go. If the Kawaras won't hire you as a bodyguard, then I will!

Heitaro: I forbid it!

Sosuke: I'm going after all those Nagatomi bastards!

Heitaro: I will not allow it! Wait, Sousuke!


Fuu: Hey, there. You're new here, too, aren't you?

Osuzu: Yes. How did you know?

Fuu: I can see how sad you are, and that’s how I feel, too. Oh, c'mon now, cheer up. We’ll help each other and hope for the best.

Osuzu: Hope’s a wonderful thing. But I have none left... I’ll be helping my father pay his debts by working here, but still...


Sosuke: Damn, their security is really tight.

Jin: Both our faces are known. Getting in there could be quite difficult indeed.

Sosuke: I got it!


Mugen: If you ask me, now’s not the time to be chasing cat-house skirts around.

Rikiei: What’s your rush? Rest assured the Kawara’s bodyguard will be here. That's why I have baited the hook so carefully.

Mugen: Why go to all this trouble for one guy? It'd be quicker to just storm the place and trash 'em all.

Rikiei: That's how we’d do it back in the old days. Now, we remove the enemies’ claws and start them working for us. Think about it. If we start a war with these guys, the people in town -- our customers -- might be too scared to do business with us. And if the government notices, they could make a whole lot of trouble for us. So when I make my move against the Kawaras, I’ll do it legally, not by fighting in the streets.

Mugen: I don’t like waitin’ around.

Rikiei: Then don’t ya sit there. Why don’t you go get laid or something?


Sosuke: We were wondering if your establishment had any jobs available.

Thug: Can’t help you, pal.

Thug: That's one huge broad...

Sosuke: May we go in?

Thug: Yeah, through that door over there.

Sosuke: You look pretty good in that outfit.

Jin: It's quite uncomfortable.

Rikiei: Pick whichever one you want, on me.

Thug: Hey, you! Yeah, you, the tall one! Play something for us on that shamisen.

Jin: …...

Thug: Huh?

Jin: Hmph.

Thug: Crossdressers... I mean, doublecrossers! It's him! It's the Kawara bodyguard!

Mugen: Cool!

Sosuke: Hurry, O-Suzu!

Mugen: What the...? Look who’s here.

Jin: Tell me why you are here.

Mugen: Why I’m here? Why are you here?

Fuu: Heeey! What the heck do you think you’re doing?! What about the promise you made not to kill each other?!

Mugen: Guess no matter how hard we try... fate’s gonna keep throwing us back together!
  