
Ryujiro: Like they say, you gotta fight fire with fire...

Man: But Oniwakamaru was awaiting execution! He's dangerous! And if he is let out, there's no telling what he might do!

Ryujiro: My missing arm is whispering to me... It's whispering, “You gotta kill those bastards for me.”

Ryujiro: Good to see you, Oniwakamaru. I admire that fierce face of yours. A face more beastly than that of an animal. You and I are two of a kind, Oniwakamaru. Fact is, we're so alike, we could be brothers. So let's go take 'em out, you and me. Let's annihilate all the people who tormented you!



#2
百鬼夜行
Redeye Reprisal



Fuu: All right, is everybody ready? Remember, no holding back. Pull out everything you've got, even your secret stash. One, two...!

Fuu: Are you kidding?! That's it!?

Mugen: Hey, dude, you sure you're not holdin' out on us?

Jin: Look who's talking. What's with the acorns?

Fuu: All right, that's enough! You two made me a promise! You haven't forgotten it, have you? Until we find the samurai who smells of sunflowers, you two are not allowed to kill each other!

Mugen: Oh yeah, the smelly guy... I've been meaning to ask you about that...

Fuu: Huh?

Jin: Who is this samurai who smells of sunflowers?

Fuu: Well, he...

Mugen: What the hell is a sunflower, anyway?

Fuu: Hey, wait a minute...

Jin: You don't know?

Fuu: It's a flower!

Mugen: So, what do they smell like?

Jin: Do you have any other leads?

Mugen: Like a picture or something?

Jin: What makes you think he's around here?

Fuu: Aaaaah, stop! (stomach growling) But right now, let's get something to eat.


Fuu: Ta-dah! Yaki-manjuu, a Joushuu speciality! The question is, how many do we each get if we split these between the three of us?

Mugen: I'll kill you two and eat 'em all myself!

Fuu: Heeey! What's with you, anyway?

Fuu: Hey! Come back here!

Mugen: That damn thief just jacked my grub!

Jin: It's called a filcher bird, and now you know why.

Man A: What are you saying?! You mean to tell me that those missing people were attacked by some kind of ogre?

Man B: Yeah, at least that's what the rumors say.

Samurai: Good heavens. What a horrible story.

Man A: Wait a minute, you're a samurai, aren't you? So, you're the one who can kill that ogre for us!

Man B: Yeah, that's right!

Samurai: What? Oh, no, not me... I couldn't possibly.

Dog: (barks)

Samurai: Ohh, you musn't sneak upon me like that.

Man A: I guess there are cowardly samurais, after all.

Man B: Now listen. If those rumors are true, then right now, those people are...

Mugen: Probably being eaten alive.

Man A: Hey, my dumplings!

Mugen: I heard you talking. An evil ogre, huh? You want me to kill it for you?

Man A&B: Oh...!

Man A: That sure was amazing! You're a real expert, sonny! Bet you were a student of some big-name dojo, am I right?

Mugen: Yeah, something like that.

Fuu: So! What's this ogre-killing business? You think you're some kind of legendary hero? Listen, you're gonna keep that promise you made me, understand?

Man A: Now, calm down, don't get angry.

Man B: Come join us, have a seat.

Samurai: I hate to say it, but I've got to admit I'm jealous -- of self-confident people, I mean. Y-You see, a guy like me is a samurai in name only.

Fuu: That's good! What kinda water is this?

Man A: Wow, a real drinker, huh?

Fuu: Oooohh...

Man A: Guess not...

Innkeeper: Young man, you don't plan to go through the mountains today, do you?

Mugen: Yeah, so what?

Innkeeper: I wouldn't if I were you. Not at this hour. The sun's about to go down.

Jin: Perhaps, but we don't have money for lodging.

Innkeeper: I see! Well, in that case, I know the perfect place for you. There's a small unoccupied shack near the hot springs just up the road where you can stay free of charge. So why not spend the night there and star your journey tomorrow morning?


Mugen: Look at the damn broad, she's out cold. Let's strip her and dump her.

Jin: That innkeeper back there...

Mugen: Huh?

Jin: Forget it, it's probably nothing.

Mugen: Huh?


Ryujiro: Good work. You followed my instructions perfectly.

Innkeeper: Of course, sir. Well, I'll be running along now.

Ryujiro: Oh, I forgot to mention one thing: Just to be safe, I'm afraid I gotta kill ya.


Woman: Thanks very much. That sure helped a lot.

Mugen: Who said that I did it for free?

Woman: Huh? What do you want?

Mugen: What do you got?


Mugen: Later. I gotta go take care of somethin'.

Jin: That woman, huh?


Mugen: Why'd you invite me?

Woman: My goodness, what a silly question. When a woman invites a man to her home and they're all by themselves, there aren't that many things they can do, are there?

Mugen: Damn, lady, you move quick, don't ya?

Woman: I'm not interested in playing coy maiden. Let's enjoy ourselves tonight. Nights are like the lives of human beings... all too brief.


Ryujiro: Hey, there.

Fuu: (gasps)

Ryujiro: I think you should go back to sleep for a while.


Samurai: Evening. Isn't this a nice surprise?

Jin: You're the man from the teahouse.

Samurai: Beautiful, aren't they? Do you know why fireflies glow like that? It's a form of communication. Signals sent by males and females to attract one another. However, they say that every once in a while a male will try to attract another male.

Jin: ...Time to go.

Samurai: Oh, that reminds me. I realize now that I have heard of him. You know, the sunflower samurai that the young lady spoke of.


Officer A: Ryujiro Sasaki! Kanto region police!

Officer B: Ryujiro Sasaki! You are under arrest for arson, malicious destruction, and the cold-blooded murder of a treasury employee! Now come along quietly!

Ryujiro: Well now... And here I thought I got away. Be careful, Oniwaka. They want to pick on you like the others.

Oniwakamaru: (gasps)

Officer B: Who the hell is that?!

Officer A: It doesn't matter who he is, we'll take him down, too!

Officer B: Right now, you big ugly freak!

Oniwaka: (gasps)

Officer A: Stay away! Stay away, you damn monster!

Oniwaka: (roars)

Officer A: (screams)



samurai champloo - 02



Oniwaka: Don't be afraid.

Fuu: Huh?

Oniwaka: Everyone is afraid of my face. They say it is ugly. They hate me. They call me a monster. But if I do like this, they cannot see my face.

Oniwaka: No! Don't look at me!

Fuu: You're not scary. But you do seem to have an awfully sad look in your eye.

Oniwaka: They called me a monster. I thought they were going to kill me. I... I got angry. I couldn't control myself. I... I killed many people. I... am all alone.

Fuu: A firefly.

Ryujiro: It's all set, I sent him his invitation. Okay, Oniwaka, let's get ready for the party.


Mugen: What the hell did you just force me to swallow, you bitch?

Woman: Do you feel anything yet? It was a one-night mushroom. Ordinarily it's harmless enough. But combined with sake, it's a deadly poison.

Mugen: Who the hell are you working for? Better start talking quick, or I might just slice you up by mistake!

Woman: A one-armed man gave me the mushrooms and told me what to do. He's got the antidote and something else you want. Even more...

Mugen: What?

Woman: That girl you were traveling with. I wonder what he'll do to her.

Mugen: Shit...


Jin: How much further?

Samurai: We're almost there.


Mugen: Damn it!


Samurai: I neglected to mention this earlier, but I am an assassin.

Jin: Yes, I already know that.

Samurai: I'd like you to know I've enjoyed your company and bear you no ill will. For me, killing is merely a business; it's nothing personal.


Mugen: Son of a...


Jin: Who hired you?

Samurai: Well, it's getting late, perhaps we should get started, huh?

Samurai: My oh my, the rumors were true. You're quite good. It's been a while since I faced a master swordsman like you.


Mugen: Guess I'll be doin' some ogre-slaying after all!

Mugen: You bastard...

Fuu: Mugen!

Ryujiro: So, you finally turned up, huh? I figured you would. Now, I'm gonna make you pay for cutting off my arm.

Mugen: Say what?

Ryujiro: You know what I'm talking about. You're the one, and don't try tellin' me you don't remember.

Mugen: Sorry, dude, but who are you?

Ryujiro: Bastard!


Samurai: Ah, I see... I've got to admit you're much better than I expected. In fact, if we were in a dojo, I might not be able to beat you. However...

Samurai: Is there something wrong? It isn't the same as fighting in a dojo, is it?


Mugen: This sucks, my arms are like wet noodles...

Fuu: Mugen...

Ryujiro: What's wrong? The poison you swallowed finally started to kick in? You wanna live? Got the antidote right here. Know why they're called one-night mushrooms? 'Cause before you die, you spend the whole night in unbearable agony. So by this time tomorrow, you won't be around anymore!

Oniwaka: I... am ugly...! Don't look... at me!

Fuu: Mugen!

Ryujiro: Not yet, Oniwaka! Don't kill him just yet! That son of a bitch is gonna die nice and slow.


Samurai: I haven't enjoyed myself this much in quite some time. Nevertheless, I'd like to be as efficient as possible; which means never working overtime. It's been fun, but I'm going to end this now, if you don't mind.


Ryujiro: How ya like that? Can't breathe, can ya? But I won't let you die yet. You haven't suffered nearly enough! Now, you're gonna suffer some more.

Ryujiro: Now, it's your turn, bitch!

Ryujiro: Hah! Even better. I'll make him suffer by killing you first!

Fuu: And you call yourself a human being?!

Ryujiro: Hm? Huh! Whoever gave you that idea? Young lady, I gave up my humanity long, long ago. I like to watch humans suffering, and that's what I call fun! I'm really a generous man; I wanna share my suffering with everyone else. I'd say that's fair, wouldn't you? So, now you know why you're gonna die!

Ryujiro: Oniwaka? What are you-- (choking)

Fuu: No, don't! Don't do it!


Samurai: Oh, dear. What an odd turn of events. It appears that my client has just been dispatched.

Jin: What?

Samurai: In other words, now I have absolutely no reason to kill you. Clearly, there's no point in killing someone if I'm not going to make any money by doing so. Well, I'm off.

Samurai: I expect that someday, somewhere, you and I will meet again. In fact, I'm sure we will.


Fuu: Why? Why did you protect me? Tell me why...?

Oniwaka: You were... the only one not afraid to look at my face. Now I am... not alone anymore...
  