
Officer: It's surprise, they gave us permission to exhume the body.

Aramaki: They had better. They complicated our investigation enough by burying him to begin with.

Officer: True enough. We [] military cemetery down. Much fun], sir.

Aramaki: It's expensive to dispose of a prosthetic body that can't be reused. Thanks to that we can recover his cyberbrain. The others are late.

Officer: Engineers are drawing straws back at HQ. Apparently connecting to a dead criminal's cyberbrain is too creepy for them.

Aramaki: We don't know he's a criminal yet.

Officer: What's next, chief?

Aramaki: We'll check the contents here, then take it back to headquarters.

Aramaki: What are you waiting for? Put the thing down already!

Officer: I'm sorry, sir!

Kusanagi: Don't open that coffin!

Officer: We received this from your unit.

Aramaki: Are you with the military?

Aramaki: I'm Aramaki, Public Security Section 9. We're investigating Lieutenant Colonel Mamuro's murder and we're seizing his cyberbrain and prosthetic body as evidence. He was suspected of taking bribes, so we'll be looking at that as well.

Kusanagi: Public Security has no right to ransack this place.

Aramaki: We'll bury him again when the case is closed.

Kusanagi: And how do I know you won't fabricate evidence to pull a cover up?

Aramaki: The military is in the midst of its first major shakeup since the war. They would raise far too much suspicion if this case was only given an internal investigation. If Mamuro was still with us today, I'm sure he would say the same thing.

Kusanagi: You knew the Lieutenant Colonel?

Aramaki: I did. Back when I was an Army man at least. There's not a soldier in the world as squeaky-clean as that man was.

Aramaki: What's your name and unit?

Kusanagi: Major Motoko Kusanagi. I'm from Unit Five - O - One.

Aramaki: From Five - O - One? Then you were his subordinate. Go ahead and open it.

Kusanagi: And you? What's your old rank and division?

Aramaki: Investigation Section. It's defunct. And just as a warning, they sold off whatever wouldn't fit in the coffin to a junk shop.

Aramaki: Someone replaced his body!

Kusanagi: Get down!


Kurtz: Finally back on base, you naughty girl.

Kusanagi: Why did you authorize Public Security to get involved?

Kurtz: Because I can't dismiss the possibility that Mamuro was corrupt. I had no choice.

Kusanagi: Regardless, Unit Five - O – One should be investigating this!

Kurtz: Not according to the higher ups, they told us to stay out of it.

Kusanagi: Somebody set a trap inside his coffin, you know.

Kurtz: Ignore it.

Kusanagi: We need to find his cyberbrain to know the truth.

Kurtz: This is no time to kick a hornet's nest.

Kusanagi: Do you really believe he was taking dirty money?

Kurtz: Regardless of what I may believe, he was mugged downtown. Certainly not an honorable death, but when the alternative is an indictment, you might say he got lucky. Unfortunately, thanks to him, our letters of your recommendation are on hold. So try concentrating on your work for now.

Kusanagi: What work?

Kurtz: Now you're playing dumb, are you? I asked you to analyze a piece of infected hardware.

Kusanagi: I just got back to Japan today. Waiting 'til tomorrow [lets you scold] me?

Kurtz: Well, if you say so.

Kusanagi: I'll do the assignment. But in return, I want access to direct debit and leave to go off-base.

Kurtz: You're quite a problem child.

Kusanagi: I just want to find out who set the trap, that's all.

Kurtz: Fair enough. Since Mamuro can't take care of you, I will.

Kusanagi: It means a lot, Kurtz.

Kurtz: And don't forget. You still have a meeting with the top brass.


Announcer: Giichi Mamuro, member of a special unit of the Ground Self Defense Army was murdered on the fifth of this month. Niihama police...

Announcer: Lieutenant Colonel Mamuro was suspected of taking large bribes while serving as a security official in Harimadara heavy industry.


Kusanagi: Access any records of his activity on the day of his death and all surveillance camera data.


Kusanagi: He's been tailed.

Kusanagi: Scan anyone who traveled the same route as him before time of death.

Kusanagi: There were three people.

Kusanagi: And the fourth one.

Kusanagi: Three men and a mobile land mine were following him before he died.

Kusanagi: What is this?


Kusanagi: Any pain?

Kusanagi: No. Not at all. Not right now, at least.

Tsumugi: It seems to be similar to the phantom pains of cyborg to experience, but you're the one person that wouldn't apply to. Could be a bad contact in your nervous components. Any other abnormalities?

Kusanagi: Not one.

Tsumugi: We should do full body checkup to be safe.

Kusanagi: Maybe a little later. I have a meeting to attend to today.

Tsumugi: Goodness, I believe you got a guest. He says they're Public Security Section 9.

Kusanagi: Tell them I'm not here.


Officer: As both a Special Cyborg and a recognized wizard class programmer, new regulations apply to you under the revised Weapons Act. This is a difficult situation. The Prosthetics Maintenance Rule is now quite far reaching. It applies to all ownership of assets, to issuing approved identification, possessing cash or opening a bank account.

Kusanagi: I understand the law. But lieutenant colonel Mamuro's letter on my reclassification, he guaranteed my financial autonomy.

Officer: If the accusations against him are truly he'll be dishonorably discharged. In which case all documents will be void.

Kusanagi: How long do you expect me to endure a position where I have to file paperwork every single time I open my wallet?

Officer: To cost of prosthetic bodies far exceeds standard health insurance payouts. The government guarantees your right to life. The least you can do in return is perform your duty. This consent form covers your new monitoring and custody rules. Make an effort to understand your circumstances.


Aramaki: Japan did spend a ludicrous amount of money for promoting cyborg development during the war, you know. Perhaps they conveniently made you Government property to help foot the bill? There were large deposits made to Mamuro's accounts. But after his murder, as you may guess, all of that money was mysteriously withdrawn.

Kusanagi: What do you want?

Aramaki: Well, Major Kusanagi, I've taken a careful look at all your records. I'm quite pleased. I'd like you to work with Public Security as a special consultant. I believe you're quit skilled at solving cybercrimes, correct?

Aramaki: I request that you find the missing money and analyze the coffin records. It's an official investigation, so you would be given leave to go off base.

Kusanagi: And the pay?

Aramaki: I'll give you the regular consulting rate, and you will be paid as a civilian, of course.

Kusanagi: That'll be an issue, you know.

Aramaki: A soldier known for his integrity being shot to death then accused to taking bribe is a bigger issue.

Togusa: Hey wait!

Sergeant: How dare you?!

Aramaki: Tomorrow morning, I'll send you a liaison who will double as your bodyguard.

Sergeant: Think she knows anything?

Aramaki: She might know even less than us. But if she wants to be free, she'll have to start searching for the truth.


Kusanagi: Still don't want us to investigate?

Kurtz: You know, if we make one wrong move, and our entire unit could get dissolved.

Kusanagi: Public Security offered me a job.

Kurtz: And you accept it?

Kusanagi: I'd like your help.

Kurtz: If you can't do this on your own, you're done for either way. This goes sour and no one will be able to protect you anymore.

Kusanagi: I'm not here to be protected and that's not what I'm trying to do, either. I'm trying to make the most of my opportunities!

Kurtz: I'll grant permission for you to use Server Six.

Kusanagi: Yes. That's perfect.

Kurtz: Just don't forget the job I gave you.


Kusanagi: List the names of everyone working on the case.

Togusa: What do you mean I shouldn't be involved? This is clearly related to the LTC's mugging! We know he met up with her before he died. We just need a warrant for the prostitute...

Chaptain: For the last time! Damn it! This is a military jurisdiction! You shut up and forget about this case. You hear me? That's an order!

Togusa: What the hell is a special investigator even for, then?!

Togusa: What the...?


Watchman: Hey! Wait! Stop right there!

Kusanagi: There you are!

Raizo: Well, if it isn't the little tomboy from the lab.

Kusanagi: The person in that car. It's the one who infiltrated me.

Raizo: If you spill any information, I will kill you.

Ibachi: Stop it now, Raizo!

Ibachi: Are you all right, Kusanagi?

Kusanagi: Instructor Ibachi?

Raizo: Mamuro has gone now. You can't do whatever you want just because you were his favorite! Every time you make a selfish decision like this you put the whole unit in danger!

Ibachi: That's enough! I'll lecture her, thank you.

Raizo: If you weren’t the test subject, you wouldn't even be alive right now.


Tsumugi: Number is fake. He's a slippery. We've proven there was an infiltrator at least. What did Kurtz just say?

Kusanagi: Just forget about him.

Tsumugi: Your body still acting up?

Kusanagi: I'm not sure.

Tsumugi: Goodness. Another visitor. Have a feeling you wanna see this one.


Kusanagi: What is this?

Kusanagi: It uses signal lights? How old this is damn thing? Come with me.

Kusanagi: That should help. Now construct the learning base yourself, okay?

Logicoma: Hello, nice to meet you! I'm an autonomous-follower logistics system, a Logistics Conveyer Machine.

Kusanagi: You are Section 9's liaison who'll double as a bodyguard?

Logicoma: Chief Aramaki calls me a Logicoma for short. All the information you need for your job will be pulled through me, Major Kusanagi.

Kusanagi: Fine. But no synching. Data or explanations only.

Logicoma: Um... Any Army case information and illicit arms dealers would be very useful to the Chief in tracking down a mobile land mine that matches the one you saw in the cemetery.

Kusanagi: Arms dealers? So that's our target, huh?

Logicoma: Yes, sir!


Kusanagi: Stay out of sight. I can handle things from now.

Logicoma: Yes, sir! Order acknowledged!

Kusanagi: Optical camouflage?


Kusanagi: Stay here and guard the bike.

Logicoma: Okay!


Woman: At least try to walk straight! C'mon, we're almost there.

Woman: Guess he's back.

Bartender: Hello. Come on in, Please.

Woman: It's not even dinnertime, and this guy's three sheets to the wind! Get him something cold, it doesn't matter what. Sit up straight, will you? Pull it together!

Paz: I fold. Gonna go hit the can.

Man: Hey, But you had such a great hand!


Kusanagi: There.


Logicoma: Warning! Warning! Someone is approaching there super close!

Paz: Don't move an inch. Who sent you here?!

Kusanagi: Were you the ones who killed lieutenant colonel Mamuro?

Paz: Are you Public Security?

Kusanagi: Answer me!

Paz: First, check the Army database! Code 24, Ops H, 2, 9, 7, 6. See? My code name is Paz!

Kusanagi: You're undercover?!

Paz: You got me. The group I'm with was hired for a hit. They said the target was a full cyborg and his cyberbrain had to be destroyed. That's why we use mobile land mines, Military grade.

Kusanagi: But who committed the actual murder?

Paz: Who knows? It was a disaster. Someone beat us too. And we lost all the mines in the process.

Kusanagi: Where did the mines come from?

Paz: That's maneuver Area 6. They got foxes guarding a henhouse over there. That place is a complete mess.

Kusanagi: Why don't you come with me so we can prove it then?

Paz: This ain't the best job, but I can't drop it. Not only would it put me in danger, it will cause trouble for my CO.

Kusanagi: Is this CO of yours trustworthy?

Paz: Wow, he used to be.

Kusanagi: I see.

Kusanagi: Thanks for your cooperation.

Paz: That freedom you've got must be nice.


Kurtz: You can't read the virus?

Kusanagi: It looks like as just a noise.

Raizo: So, what if you're good with cyber warfare. A full-body cyborg can't go independent from us. Face it. What happened to the lieutenant colonel was inevitable. He isn’t here to protect you now. If you step out of the line, I will end you without a second thought. Kurutsu and Ibachi don't have the power to stop me.

Kusanagi: Protect me.


Kusanagi: He wasn't kidding about the security here.

Kusanagi: Now, all that's left is to connect the dots...

Togusa: Look, I've got authorization! All I'm gonna do is ask a few questions! Take your complaints to the station. Where does he get off? I have never been deployed here or something... little prick.

Togusa: Uh, this is bullshit! They're not even here.

Togusa: Oh! Uh, you startled me. I'm, an investigator with the Niihama police. I was told I could find these two somewhere here. Uh, First Lieutenant Moto Seta and Captain Amuri Noto. I have some questions for them.

Kusanagi: Well, that's handy. You connected some dots for me. And now it's time to solve the rest of the mystery. So why don't you show yourself already?

Togusa: Ah!

Kusanagi: Why is Batou the Ranger here?

Batou: Long time no see, huh. I gotta say I didn't figure you for this one.

Kusanagi: What does that mean?

Batou: Don't play dumb. The man you killed a week ago was a comrade of mine!

Kusanagi: Some accomplishments since I've only been in Japan three days.

Batou: Oh, was that so?!

Kusanagi: If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times. Your sleepless eye's too easy to infiltrate, Batou. Still afraid of taking friendly fire out in the jungle?

Batou: I can't believe you infiltrated me in the middle of a fight! I'm an electronic warfare specialist!

Kusanagi: Well, I had to pay you back before, though it was a real nuisance. So, we even know what?

Batou: Are you kidding me? You're the one who took mobile land mines in this place.

Seta: What is going on?!

Kusanagi: Wait! Don't shoot! Just move!

Kusanagi: Stop it!

Batou: I thought those two were with you! What's the deal?!

Kusanagi: Would you give that nonsense up already?

Togusa: Hey, look!

Togusa: They found us!

Kusanagi: They're trying pretty hard to wipe us out.

Batou: What they're gonna say is "a field test accident"?!

Togusa: I can't do anything with this crappy gun!

Batou: Screw it. Let's run away!

Batou: Start climbing!

Togusa: Looks kinda high.

Batou: Shut up and do it! We'll hold them off. But you got to hurry!

Togusa: Okay, fine.

Logicoma: Hello!

Batou: What's the hell?!

Batou: We're surrounded.

Batou: I told you to hurry!

Togusa: Yeah! I know, I know!

Paz: Move in!

Kusanagi: I thought you said you couldn't drop your job.

Paz: I needed a change of pace.


Kusanagi: You asked the military police to help me on the case?

Aramaki: No. To escort a suspect.

Kusanagi: Wait. What are you saying?

Kusanagi: This doesn't make any sense.

Aramaki: First: Major Kusanagi. The missing money went to your account. That's suspicious enough in itself. And second: The bullet you fired at that mobile land mine inside the coffin matches the one that was used to kill lieutenant colonel Mamuro.

Togusa: Seven days ago, a prostitute here in town was shot to death. Incidentally that bullet matched the one that killed Mamuro as well. And according to the other working girls, lieutenant colonel had met with her to ask questions about one of her clients.

Batou: Seven days ago, one of my fellow Rangers got hit too. Mobile land mine killed him and his family.

Batou: He'd been in contact with Mamuro before his death as well. And when I traced the land mine to its source, it led me straight to the major here. By the way, she says she got back to Japan three days ago, but Immigration records say it was actually seven days.

Paz: Also the three mines my group was supposed to use were the same model as the one Section 9 dug up at the graveyard. Assuming one of those three was buried and another killed the Ranger, there's still one more mine left unaccounted for.

Aramaki: I'm sorry to say it, but at the moment, all signs point to you murdering the lieutenant colonel and stealing money from his bank account.

Kusanagi: Right after I landed in Japan, I received a message and an attache case he left for me.

Mamuro: You must forgive me, Major Kusanagi. But I feel I'm not long for this world. And yet, I must see justice no matter the cost. But don't worry, I've left your recommendation in someone else's care. You're the most promising squad member I had the fortune to meet. I wish you nothing but the best.

Kusanagi: In the case, I found data on an internal weapons exportation racket... and this gun.

Aramaki: Murder accusation aside, you've moved an awful lot of money in the past few days. Who're you sending it to?

Kusanagi: Where it belongs to the widow of the man who raised me. She's taken care of me since I was little, but unfortunately, she's in a nursing home now.

Aramaki: What's her name?

Aramaki: What is the woman's name? Tell me.

Batou: Phantom pain, huh? Even after you mechanized your body, your brain can't seem to forget the original. Pretty damn annoying.

Kusanagi: I don't have an original body.

Batou: What?

Kusanagi: Have you heard of Doctor Bakeru's emergency medicine system?

Batou: That the thing where someone with a full prosthetic body uses their life-support system on someone else, right?

Kusanagi: Yes. But the person who raised me used the system on me while I was still inside my mother's womb.

Kusanagi: I don't know the details, but years ago a large number of civilians were apparently killed by a chemical weapon. A pregnant woman and the man assumed to be her husband were among the victims. I don't even know their names. By coincidence, someone on the scene have the right equipment and they worry about salvage the brain of the fetus.

Batou: You're saying you were made a full cyborg at birth?!


Kusanagi: The point is that I lack any memory of a body. So this "phantom pain" is the ghost of a memory I don't have. The false idea that was entered into my mind.

Kanzaki: This is surveillance footage from Maneuver Area 6. I believe that is your subordinate in the video. Getting straight to the point, if you refuse to hand her over, I'll present you with a summons signed by the Defense Minister himself.

Kurtz: I'll submit a written report at a later date. I can't part with her right now.

Kanzaki: You stinking harpy. I'll make you regret this.

Kurtz: That's Shujiro Kanzaki. He's in charge of Maneuver Area 6, and also he leads a little team of special agents. He's a dirty middle man between the Army and the Ministry of Defense. But don't worry. I'll protect you.

Kurtz: What's wrong?

Kusanagi: It's nothing. Just thinking.


Kusanagi: It's been empty this whole time? Then where's the gun?! Does that mean there were never any documents in there, either? Then Mamuro...?

Kusanagi: I don't know what's real anymore.

Kusanagi: I need to find the truth.


Kusanagi: Where's the Mamuro's cyberbrain?

Tsumugi: Wait, Kusanagi. Calm down.

Kusanagi: The piece of hardware that Kurutsu asked me to analyze had a matching net synch pattern with Mamuro. The lieutenant colonel and I were infected with the same thing, weren't we?

Tsumugi: Yes. They were hypothesized to be a cyber-virus. Most specifically a self-destructing Stuxnet-type which causes unknown dysfunction.

Kusanagi: A dysfunction, huh? Like false memories?

Tsumugi: As I said, just a hypothesis.

Tsumugi: Although your behavior essentially confronts it.

Kusanagi: I just got back to Japan today.

Kurtz: Well, if you say so.

Kusanagi: So when the hell did I get back here?

Tsumugi: Approximately 180 hours ago. Seven days. And yet you continue to claim it was another time altogether. Perhaps, because no one ever corrected you.

Kusanagi: What was the route of transmission?

Tsumugi: Must be contact with Mamuro's cyberbrain which meant to be even still in his cybernatic body by the way.

Kusanagi: But his coffin was a trap. And the records that Public Security got of his burial showed no signs of tampering.

Kusanagi: I finally understand.


Kusanagi: Logicoma, synch with me.

Logicoma: Are you sure?

Kusanagi: Just do it already. I need you do record my field of vision and play it back in real time.

Logicoma: You can count on me, boss!

Kusanagi: I see things that shouldn't be here.

Kusanagi: And other things are completely invisible to me.

Kusanagi: Has this always been here?


Kanzaki: This is a warrant for Major Kusanagi's arrest. You must surrender her immediately.

Kanzaki: What the hell happened here?


Kusanagi: The records weren't tampered with. The truth was always there. It was just buried underneath a lie.

Kusanagi: I've found it... This is my reality at last.


Kanzaki: Let's get moving.

Kusanagi: The lieutenant colonel came to you to blow the whistle. Isn't that right, Mr. Sadamoto, Vice Minister of Defense?

Sadamoto: Yes, he did.

Kusanagi: And yet you ordered to cover up instead.

Sadamoto: We couldn't let the public know. During the war our funds were getting low. So we sold arms to third-world countries left and right. Who knows how many treaties we broke back then.

Kusanagi: Harimadara was at the center of it, and as their security official, lieutenant colonel Mamuro found out about the illegal trade.

SP: Mr. Sadamoto Something wrong?

SP: Please hold on!

SP: Ah!

SP: What's wrong?

Sadamoto: Are you being too idealistic?

SP: Someone's pointing a gun at him.

Sadamoto: Do you realize how much the missile business helped our county's economy?

Kusanagi: The lieutenant colonel found out about your cover up and started investigating. He got info from the prostitute you frequented, from the ranger who escorted you.


Kusanagi: When it all came together he decided to blow the whistle on your dirty little secret. That's when you asked Captain Kanzaki to kill him, isn't it?

Sadamoto: I told him to take care of things, not murder him. Yes, a few people were hurt in the process, but I don't know how Mamuro died. Maybe it was mugging after all.

Kusanagi: You don't know who killed him?

Sadamoto: Don't want to know! And besides, those missile deals are nothing but all [years] now, since the restructure we forecast on next-gen arms. But if this gets out, it will ruin the job Harimadara has lined up for me.

Kusanagi: That's quite a confession. Guilty conscience?

Sadamoto: Yeah.

Sadamoto: Maybe so. But it doesn't matter. You won't be telling anyone the truth.

Sadamoto: No. Stop it!

Sadamoto: Someone...


Batou: You should've blown him away yourself.

Kusanagi: If I was content with being a killing machine, I wouldn't be trying so hard to free myself.

Batou: [That either for us to] getting very far now.

Kusanagi: They traced us through the remote control, didn't they. We don't have long.

Batou: Make a run for it. These two are mine.

Kusanagi: Trying to be a gentleman?

Batou: No, just a killer. I'm testing out the competition.

Kusanagi: Well then, good luck.

Batou: Yeah. Same to you.

Batou: I hate to say it, but they're not the only ones to benefit from his death, you know.

Kusanagi: Yes. I know.


Kusanagi: You're the ones who killed Mamuro!

Raizo: I warned you. This is what happens when you don't know your boundaries.

Kurtz: That's enough.

Kurtz: Eventually you have to accept your limits, Kusanagi.

Kurtz: Raizo and Ibachi were trying to lure the enemy here using this money as bait. We were able to eliminate six spies from the group. I just want this to end.

Kusanagi: Kanzaki had money funneled into Mamuro's account, then I moved it, and you used it. You left me in the dark the entire time.

Kurtz: We had to. The set up began when our enemies used Mamuro's gun to murder the prostitute. The mines hacked on the Ranger, the phony bribery, all the blame was placed on him.

Kusanagi: And since he was going down, he wanted to take Sadamoto with him.

Kurtz: But it wasn't a noble decision. It wasn’t a responsible one. Unit Five – O – One would have gone on the Army purge list in retaliation for the scandal.

Kusanagi: So you let him die out of personal convenience.

Kurtz: If it wasn't for the memory virus, maybe we still could have saved him. But where the way things stood, the only option was to secure Mamuro's cyberbrain, take the money, and then capture the mine, before the enemy could use it to blow him up.

Kurtz: Unfortunately though, neither we nor our enemies were able to account for you. The timing was quite tragic.

Kusanagi: As soon as I arrived in Japan and received the data he left for me, I tried to meet with Mamuro as quickly as possible.

Kurtz: When you connected to his cyberbrain, you were infected.

Kurtz: So even as you gathered the evidence, the truth eluded you because your memories were continually being lost and distorted.

Kusanagi: Do we know what organization developed the virus?

Kurtz: Not a clue. All we know is that a foreign broker brought it to Japan. Details are scarce, but it seems to be called Fire-Starter.

Kusanagi: Then do you think it was a foreign power that cooked up the scandal in the first place?

Kurtz: The whole global military industrial complex is our enemy. Dragging down one vice-minister would not accomplish anything.

Kusanagi: The disc that Mamuro gave me has gone missing. Were you the one who took it from me?

Kurtz: Yes. But I did it to protect you.

Kusanagi: Is that so? Then why did you use me as bait?

Kurtz: To protect the organization.

Kusanagi: Fine.

Kusanagi: But why did you let him die?

Kurtz: Because I had to protect myself, too.

Kurtz: Stick with me, Kusanagi. Things might not be easy. But I'll build a future for you.

Kusanagi: The pain is finally gone.


Officer: After investigation Section 9 and the review committee have formally cleared lieutenant colonel Mamuro of suspicion. His recommendation was also renewed by a third party, so we have elected to carry it out. Due to your excellent record, we also grant you the post-reorganization major rank.
Officer: Also, in accordance with the will of your late legal guardian, you'll receive a testamentary trust effective immediately. It's an inheritance from the man who raised you. A portion has been earmarked for your prosthetic body. This means that your body is henceforth considered your property, and is outside of Army jurisdiction.


Tsumugi: You're sure about this?

Kusanagi: The virus may be an unknown, but we've identified the architecture of the false memories. Let's go ahead and do it.

Tsumugi: Very well. We'll attempt memory eradication.

Tsumugi: And you are leaving?

Kusanagi: Yes.

Tsumugi: Make sure to pay your respects to your parents.

Kusanagi: Yes, of course.


Kusanagi: I'm going now.


Kurtz: We'll have to find a replacement.

Aramaki: I can give you a ride. Consider it my thanks for telling us the location of Mamuro's cyberbrain.

Kusanagi: I'll take the bus.

Aramaki: Then I'll just give you the results. Captain Kanzaki was replaced. Mr. Sadamoto will be tried in closed court. I'll take Mamuro's findings and make them public one day. I swear.

Kusanagi: I see. And by the way, no one ever told me who ended up with the recommendation, happened to be you?

Aramaki: Uh. I can't remember. They send me those things all the time. There was one that stood out though. In short, it outlined plans to create a new special unit within the international rescue team. I've been looking for someone who's got experience working as a special consultant.

Kusanagi: Interesting, but I might pass. I don't want to work under a man known to dig up people's graves.

Aramaki: Don't knock it. You're not so bad at digging up things yourself, you know. If you're serious about going independent, you should have your own team. But the regulations require a certain number of members. That's one commander and at least six more people.

Kusanagi: I'll keep that in mind.

Aramaki: May it be a team not for the defense of self or state, but for taking the offensive against crime.

Kusanagi: Six people, huh? Humph, whom shall I scout...?
  