
Tachikoma: Gather around everyone, and I'll tell you a story!
Once upon a time, in a land called Harima, there lived a mama Tachikoma.
One day, the mama Tachikoma laid a clutch of eggs, and eventually 9 healthy, bouncing baby Tachikomas were born.

Mama Tachikoma: You're all my darling little boys... Oh?

Tachikoma (narr.): What? How can this be?
Among the babies, there was one that stood out because he was slightly different from his brothers.


Tachikoma: Hey, mommy, why isn't he shaped the same as the rest of us, huh?

Tachikoma: Yeah, why? He's a different color, too.

Tachikoma: How come he isn't blue?

Tachikoma: What a weirdo.

Mama Tachikoma: Listen to your mother, children.
It's the design specs that make his form and color a little bit different from the rest of you.
But I want you to show kindness and be his friend. After all, he is my precious son, too.

Uchikoma: Uhh...


Tachikoma: Mommy, how come he hasn't started talking yet after all this time?

Tachikoma: Yeah, the guy's way too quiet!
He never says a thing even when we're playing!

Tachikoma: He's so boring!

Mama Tachikoma: Listen to your mother, children.
The reason for that is because he doesn't have individuality like the rest of you.
But even though his appearance is different, and he doesn't have individuality, those very things make him unique and individual, too.

Uchikoma: Thank-you-mother...


Tachikoma (narr.): Time passed, all the Tachikoma siblings grew up and left to work at a place called Public Security.
All, that is, except the ugly Tachikoma who was left behind.

Then one day, this lone Tachikoma who had been whiling the days away suddenly received the call to assemble.
In high spirits, he set out with 8 other ugly Tachikomas from around the country, but before they knew it, the decision was made that they should be scrapped.

It was shortly after this, however, their own hidden talents finally blossomed in spring forth!

Tachikoma: Fellow Tachikomas!
The group you've all been waiting for!
Here to close out the annual Harima City for Academic Research Year-End Party, the "AI Tough Guys Uchikomans"!
They've fulfilled their dream of becoming big stars!
So, let's sit back and listen while they belt one out!
This song's entitled, "May This Wish Reach from Harima to Niihama"!


Uchikomas: (sing)
