
  Maya: It's not working, Unit One's interlock circuit has been cut
off.

Fuyutsuki: What about the eject signal?

Maya: All codes are being blocked from inside the plug. It's not
being accepted.

Hyuga: Look, Shinji, if we hadn't taken over, you would have been
killed!

Shinji: That's not the point.

Hyuga: Maybe, but it's the truth!

Shinji: Stop pushing me, damn it! Don't push me anymore! Unit One has
185 seconds of power left. That's enough to destroy at least
half of Headquarters.

Aoba: He'll do it too, the way he is right now.

Maya: Shinji, will you listen to us. If the Commander hadn't made
the decision to engage the Dummy plug, everyone here could
have been killed.

Shinji: I said that's beside the point, damn you! My father... tried
to kill Toji and he did it using my hands! That Bastard!



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :19

A Man's Fight



Shinji: Father! I know you're there! Say something! Answer me!

Ikari: Increase the entry plugs LCL pressure, to it's maximum level.

Maya: What?!

Ikari: I have no time to waste on a petulant child.

Shinji: I've still got a direct control circuit.... ug, ghuahah, ahg,
damn, damn, d... damn...



Staff: The liquefaction of the right breast has been completed.

Staff: We'll start cleansing the bodily fluids from three zero,
on schedule.

Announcement: Please stand behind the yellow line, the yellow line is
for your protection.

Ritsuko: How are you?

Misato: I'm not hurt enough to stop doing my job. I couldn't lie in
bed during an emergency like this. So what did they end up
doing with Shinji?

Ritsuko: It's my understanding that they had to cut the escape hatch
open with a laser cutter and remove him forcibly.

Misato: This sucks. I'm afraid that this time--



Asuka: --he's really finished. He can't talk his way out of this,
idiot.

Rei: Is he alright?

Asuka: He wasn't injured, if that's what you mean. He's probably
imagining that it was all a dream.

Rei: A dream?

Asuka: Yeah, don't tell me you don't dream either?



Toji: Shinji, why is he in the hospital bed next to me? Is this the
same hospital, where my sister is?



*Toji's "dream"

Toji: Shinji and Ayanami?

Rei: Ikari, why did you do that?

Shinji: Because I couldn't trust him, my father betrayed me, Rei. Even
though I was finally able to talk to him, he still doesn't
understand me, at all.

Rei: Did you try to understand him, his feelings?

Shinji: I used to try.

Rei: Why don't you try to understand him?

Shinji: I said "I did"!

Rei: You're running away from the truth because it's ugly.

Shinji: Why not? What's wrong with running away from reality if it
sucks?!

Toji: This is weird. What are those two arguing about?...



Nurse: This is by special permission, you have exactly 5 minutes.

Hikari: Thank you.

Toji: Hey, it's the Class Rep.

Hikari: Suzuhara, how are you feeling?

Toji: Lousy, at least I'm still alive. That's strange, I thought
Shinji was here, was that just a dream.

Hikari: They took him out of here yesterday. You slept for three days,
Toji.

Toji: I did? Three days? Did you...?

Hikari: Ah, no! I've only been here a little while, they won't let me,
I mean came as the Class Representative, you know.

Toji: Of course, I know that.

Hikari (herself): Do you really?

Toji: I'm sorry, that I didn't get to eat the lunch you made.

Hikari: Don't worry about it. It's alright, I just wish I could bring
you lunch here, but it's not allowed.

Toji: Class Rep.

Hikari: Yes.

Toji: Would you do me a favour?

Hikari: Ah-ha.

Toji: Would you tell my sister, that there's nothing wrong with me?

Hikari: Of course.



Staff: Shinji Ikari. Commander wants to see you.

Ikari: Disobeying orders. Using an Eva for personal vendettas.
Childish intimidation. These are all criminal offenses. Do you
have anything to say?

Shinji: Yes. I don't want to pilot an Eva anymore and I don't want to
stay here either.

Ikari: Well then, you may leave.

Shinji: Yes. I'll go back to my old teacher.

Ikari: So you're running away again? You disappoint me. I assume that
we will never meet again.

Shinji: Yes. That's my intent.



Ikari: This is me. Erase the Third Child's REM. Rei will become Unit
One's designated pilot, with the Dummy plug as backup.



Kensuke(Phone): Hey, Shinji. Can you hear me? Is it true that you're
leaving? It is true, isn't it? But why? Why are you running
away again? I admired you. I envied you. You're different from
us. Damn, even Toji became a pilot, I...

Telephone: This line is monitored. For security reasons, we have
terminated this call. We appreciate your cooperation.



Shinji: I don't think Asuka will be coming. She must be pretty
disgusted with me.

Misato: Yes, she didn't even ask me to say goodbye to you.

Shinji: That sounds like her. That's good.

Misato: It's going to be hard if you keep hiding your anger like that.

Shinji: That's your philosophy, Misato. I can't live the way you do.

Misato: As I'm sure you know, there will be lot of restrictions placed
upon your activities from now on.

Shinji: Yes, I know that. But...

Misato: Yes.

Shinji: Let me ask you one thing? Why was Toji chosen to be the Fourth
Child?

Misato: It would seem that all of the students that are in your class,
are fourth level candidates, Shinji. I just found out myself
that it was yet another elaborate fabrication.

Shinji: All of them, all of my classmates?

Misato: Shinji about Suzuhara, that was a mistake that can't be mended
with words alone. But I have to be honest with you, I was
projecting all of my dreams, hopes and purpose onto you. I
know that it's been a huge burden for you. But we and by that
I mean everyone at Nerv, have had no choice except to place
our future in your hands. I want you to remember that.

Shinji: The end justifies the means?

Misato: Yes, that's how it is. And another thing, I'll be leaving your
pass-code to headquarters and your room as they are.

Shinji: What's the point? Get rid of them. It's over now, I won't
pilot that thing.

Misato (thinking): This is the real Shinji talking. I've never heard
him sound so certain about anything before.

Announcement: A special state of emergency has been declared for the
Tokai region. All residents must evacuate to their designated
shelters immediately. A special state of emergency has been
declared for the Tokai region...

Display: Special Express Train to New Atsugi Departure Time 13:38.

Shinji: An Angel...



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :19

A Man's Fight



Staff: All personnel, go to first stage battle stations. Prepare for
ground-to-air intercept.

Fuyutsuki: Target status?

Aoba: It's broken through our perimeter. The Komagatake defense line
has been shattered.

Staff: The first 18 layers of armour have been breached.

Hyuga: I don't believe it, 18 layers destroyed in one shot!

Misato: The Evas can't deploy fast enough to intercept up top.

Misato: Position Unit Two for combat inside the Geo-front, directly in
front of Headquarters. Asuka will snipe the target, as soon as
it breaks into the Geo-front. Zero status?

Maya: Unit Zero's in the AT-Field Neutralization Zone, Major.

Ritsuko: But the left arm still hasn't been regenerated.

Misato: Then it's not ready for combat yet.

Ikari: Send Rei out in Unit One.

Misato: Uh?

Ikari: Prepare a Dummy plug as the backup system.

Misato: Right.

Staff: Initiating entry.

Maya: Charging LCL.

Ritsuko: Commence A10 nerve connection.

Rei: Ug! It's not working.

Staff: The pulse flow is reversing.

Maya: Unit One's refusing the neural connections.

Ritsuko: Is that possible?

Fuyutsuki: Ikari...

Ikari: Yes, is it refusing me?

Ikari: Abort the activation. Send Rei out in Eva Unit Zero.
Reactivate Unit One with the Dummy plug.

Misato: But Unit Zero isn't ready.

Rei: Not a problem. I can go.

Misato: Rei?!

Rei: If I die, I can be replaced.



Shinji (thinking): I made up my mind, I swore I'd never pilot that
thing.

A Man: Hey you there, what are you doing? Get in the shelter,
quickly!



Aoba: It's no use. One more hit and the armour will be completely
destroyed.

Misato: I'm counting on you, Asuka.



Asuka: Here it comes. I can beat this Angel, even without Shinji the
the hero here to help out.

Asuka: Damn you!

Asuka: Shit!... Next!

Asuka: I'm neutralising it's AT-Field aren't I? Why won't you
collapse, damn you?

Asuka: This can't be happening! I can't lose again, not again!

Asuka: Huh? No!

Asuka: Ahh...!

Misato: Asuka, No! Disengage her nerve connections now!



Asuka (voice): Evacuation training? What are you stupid? That stuffs
not for pilots like us.

All: Huhhgh!

Announcement: Direct hit on the eighth block. Abandon the sixth
shelter. All survivors go to the third shelter!



Aoba: Unit Two is severely damaged. It can't continue combat.

Misato: How's Asuka?

Hyuga: She's alive!

Asuka: Kwuh, hh,..hhg,.... shit...

Aoba: The Angel has started moving again.

Misato: What's Unit One's status?

Staff: Dummy plug upload completed.

Staff: Probe insertion completed.

Ritsuko: Initiate contact.

Maya: Roger.

Ritsuko: What?

Maya: The pulses have vanished. It's refusing the Dummy plug. Unit
One won't activate.

Ritsuko: The dummy and Rei--

Fuyutsuki: --were both refused.

Ikari: Fuyutsuki, take the Con.



A Man: Evacuate the casualties to the sixth block.

A Man: The non-injured, go to the third shelter!



A Man: Hey!

A Man: This way!

A Man: Hey, what are you doing? Do you want to die?

Shinji: Asuka...

Kaji: Hey Shinji.

Shinji: Kaji. What are you doing here?

Kaji: That's my line. What are you doing here, Shinji?

Shinji: I, I decided that I'd never pilot an Eva again. Since I
decided that...

Kaji: Oh really? Well to answer your question, since my other job
became public knowledge, I'm off the combat roster. So, here I
am sprinkling.

Shinji: At a time like this?

Kaji: What better time? Although I'd rather be between Misato's
melons, this is a place I'd like to be when I die.

Shinji: Die?

Kaji: That's right. It is said that if an Angel comes into contact
with Adam, who lies sleeping beneath this very ground,
humanity will be eradicated in the Third Impact. The only
thing that can stop this is the one thing that is power equal
to an Angels, Evangelion.

Shinji: Ayanami! With no rifle!

Rei: uhg!

Ritsuko: It's an N2 mine!

Ikari: Rei!

Rei: AT-Field, full power!

Shinji: Ugh.

Hyuga: Unit Zero.

Misato: Rei!

Ritsuko: Oh, dear God.

Shinji: Hh, Huhh...

Kaji: Shinji, the only thing I can do nothing is stand here and
water. But you, you have something that you can do, that only
you can do. Nobody is forcing you. Think for yourself and make
that decision by yourself. Think about what you have to do
now. Think about no longer having any regrets.

Aoba: Direct hit on the third foundation.

Hyuga: The final armour plate has melted.

Misato: Damn it! It's open the main shaft is completely open!

Ritsuko: Isn't Unit One ready yet?

Staff: It's still refusing the Dummy plug.

Staff: It's not working. No response, detected.

Ikari: Keep trying. Repeat the process from step 1-0-8.

Shinji: Let me pilot it! Please, let me pilot Unit One! Father...

Ikari: Why are you here?

Shinji: I'm here because, I'm the pilot of Evangelion Unit One, Shinji
Ikari!

Aoba: We've been breached! Target is inside the main shaft! It's
advancing.

Misato: Where is it heading?

Hyuga: It's advancing directly towards Central Dogma!

Misato: It's coming here. All personnel, evacuate.

Hyuga: All personnel evacuate. Repeat, all personnel evacuate.

Misato: Huh....

Misato: Eva Unit One! Shinji!

Shinji: Ahhh!

Shinji: Misato!

Misato: Launch the 5th catapult!

Shinji: Agggh!

Shinji: Ahhh!

Shinji: Ah!

Shinji: Huh? Energy reserves depleted!

Maya: Unit One is completely drained it's reserve! The backup power
supply isn't working!

Misato: Shinji.

Misato: Shinji! Shinji!

Shinji: Damn it, move, move, move! Come on move, you God damn piece of
junk! Move now or there's no point to any of this! Damn it!
Ahg!

Misato: Huh? What's that?

Shinji: Move, move, move! Move, come on move! Oh, you've got to move
now, or everyone will be killed! Oh God, I'm sick of it
already! Now come on move! God damn it, hell, you filthy
stinking monster...!

Maya: It's reactivated.

Misato: Oh my God...

Maya: This is impossible, it must be wrong. How can Shinji's
sync-ratio with Unit One, be over 400%!

Ritsuko: It's finally happened, it's aware.

Misato: It's eating the Angel...

Ritsuko: The S2 organ, she's taking it into herself.

Ritsuko: Eva Unit One is... is...

Maya: (Gag)

Ritsuko: It's breaking free!

Hyuga: Free of what?!

Ritsuko: Those plates weren't just armour, they were also restraints.
Those bindings allowed us to control it. But now the Eva is
removing the web, that binds it to our will. The beast inside
the Eva is free at last.

Kaji: Unit One's awakened and then set free. Seele sure won't stay
quiet for this. Was this part of your scenario, Commander
Ikari?

Fuyutsuki: It's begun at last.

Ikari: Indeed, this is the beginning.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Mankind may have been saved by the Evas awakening. But it's
pilot has being physically intermingled with the Eva. Fused
with another existence, what will Shinji see, know and lose
while inside. Meanwhile, everyone who is left behind tries
desperately to rescue him. But the attempt fails. What was it
that Misato saw that reduced her to tears? It's the next
episode: Form Of The Mind, Form Of The Man.
  