
  *A Computer Room

Announcement: Apotheosis of the three Evas, will be performed as
scheduled, as soon as the Magi system is reactivated.

Announcement: Operation confirmed. Sets 450 through 670, are omitted.

Hyuga: Command post has granted approval.

Ritsuko: You're getting pretty quick at that, aren't you Maya?

Maya: Of course. Did I have any choice with you as my boss?

Ritsuko: Ah, wait a second. I think A8 would be faster there. Let me
do that.

Maya: Wow, she is the master.

*Misato coming up in an elevator

Misato: Hello, are you done with the Magi's checkup yet?

Ritsuko: Almost finished. Didn't I promise you, I'd be done before
today's experiment.

Misato: You're something else, Ritsuko. Three impossible things to do
and you still beat the schedule.

Ritsuko: That coffee's cold.

Misato: Ugha!



*Control Center. The Magi on screen.

Staff: All three Magi systems, have entered self-diagnostic mode.

Maya: 127th routine maintenance, has been completed.

Ritsuko: Confirmed. Well done guys, go ahead and take a break until
the test begins.



*Bathroom. Ritsuko washing her face.

Ritsuko (thinking): Everything checked out... As usual, mother's in
good shape. But, is just me getting older?



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :13

Angel Invasion



*An elevator ascends the huge vertical hole

Asuka: What?! You want me to take my clothes off again?!

Ritsuko: The next chamber is an ultra-clean room environment. Just
taking a shower and changing your undergarments is
insufficient.

Asuka: Why do I have to go thorough all this, for a dumb auto-pilot
test?

Ritsuko: With the advance of time, comes the need for Eva technology,
to advance as well. To do so, we need a constant influx of new
data. Now get undressed.

Rei: Yes ma'am.

Shinji & Asuka: Ohh...

*Door Opens. All three pilots are naked.

Asuka: Alright I'm here, just the way you wanted, buck naked and run
through the wash cycle seventeen times.

Ritsuko: Very good and I want all three of you, to stay that way as
you walk through the room and board the entry plug.

Asuka: What?!

Shinji: Huh?

Ritsuko: Don't worry, the video recorders have been shut off. We do
respect your privacy.

Asuka: Oh, sure you do and that's not the point. This is a personal
thing.

Ritsuko: The purpose of this experiment, is to monitor the harmonics
directly from your bodies, without the interference of your
plug suits.

Misato: Asuka, this is an order.

Asuka: Alright! But I don't want anybody peeking, Ok?



Staff: All pilots are ready for entry.

Ritsuko: Start test sequence.

*Eva's simulation bodies are floating in the water.

Staff: Beginning test. Initiate auto-pilot recording.

Staff: Inserting simulation plug.

Staff: Connecting the systems with the simulation bodies.

*The Pribnow box.

Maya: The simulation plug is now under the Magi's control.

Misato: Man, that was fast. The Magi are magnificent. It's hard to
believe, that the first test took a whole week.

Staff: Test duration, will be three hours.

Ritsuko: How do you feel?

Rei: It feels quite odd.

Shinji: Yeah, it's a little different from the other times.

Asuka: Something's wrong with my senses, my right arm's clear,
everything else feels fuzzy.

Ritsuko: Rei, focus on moving the right hand.

Rei: Right.

Staff: Data collection is proceeding nicely.

Ritsuko: Everything's looking good. Return the Magi to normal.

Misato: Huh?

Ritsuko: A dilemma... You can sure feel their creator's personality,
can't you?

Misato: What are you talking about? Aren't you the one who created
them?

Ritsuko: You don't know anything, do you?

Misato: That's because, unlike me, you never talk about yourself,
Ritsuko.

Ritsuko: No, I don't. I only created the system up-links. The basic
theorems and the mainframe, were my mothers.



*The control room

Fuyutsuki: Are you double checking this?

Aoba: Yes, Sir. These are the parts that were installed three days
ago. The parts that are showing signs of deterioration.

Fuyutsuki: The 87th protein wall...

Aoba: With magnification, you can see some discolouration, but I
can't identify it.

Hyuga: It's gotta be corrosion. There's slight variations in the
temperature and conduction rate, of the spots. The clean-rooms
have been deteriorating a lot lately.

Aoba: The construction schedule was cut by 60 days, so it's possible
some air bubbles might have gotten inside. B Wing's
construction is rather substandard.

Fuyutsuki: Well, this building was thrown up after the Angels
appeared.

Hyuga: It's nobody's fault. Everyone was so exhausted back then.

Fuyutsuki: Well, just fix it by tomorrow, or Ikari 'll chew our asses
off.

Hyuga & Aoba: Understood.



Ritsuko: Another leak?

Maya: No, it's some kind of corrosion. In the protein wall, above
this floor.

Ritsuko: Just great. Could it affect this test?

Maya: No, not at the moment, ma'am.

Ritsuko: Then let's continue. We can't abort complex experiments,
because of minor technical problems. Ikari would chew my ass
off.

Maya: Understood. Synchronisation position, is correct.

Staff: Connecting simulation entry plugs to Eva, via the simulation
bodies.

Staff: Contact with Eva Zero, has been confirmed.

Staff: AT-Field will generate on cue.

*The spots on the wall start glowing. Emergency Sirens go off.

Ritsuko: What's happening?

Staff: Contamination alert! It's in Sigma Unit, on the A Floor.

Staff: The 87th protein wall is corroding and releasing heat.

Staff: Abnormality in 6th pipe, detected.

Maya: Corrosion of the protein wall is increasing, at an incredible
rate. It's spreading everywhere!

Ritsuko: Abort the test! Shut off all flows through the 6th pipe
system.

Maya: Right.

Staff: Numbers 60, 38 and 39, are all hermetically sealed.

Staff: Corrosion present, in 6 through 42.

Maya: It's no good. The corrosion effect is spreading along the
walls.

Ritsuko: Deploy polysomes...

Ritsuko: Set laser power at maximum. Zap, every evasive particle.

Maya: Corrosion has reached 6 through 58. It's here!

Rei: Ahh!

Ritsuko: Rei!

Maya: Rei's simulation body. It's moving!

Ritsuko: Impossible.

Maya: The corrosion is still spreading. It's invading the simulation
bodies, active water system.

Misato: How's Rei?

Maya: She's all right.

Ritsuko: Eject the entry plugs, immediately. Use the lasers!

Misato: That's an AT-Field!

Ritsuko: It can't be!

Misato: Is that an...?

Ritsuko: Pattern analysis is blue, ID confirmed. An Angel.

Fuyutsuki: An Angel?! You let an Angel get inside these facilities?!

Misato: I'm sorry, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: No time for excuses. Right, let's cut off Central Dogma.
Isolate it from the Sigma Unit.

Aoba: Initiating physical lock out of Central Dogma, isolate it from
the Sigma Unit.

Misato: Evacuate, immediately! Abandon the Box!

*Operators run.

Misato: What the hell are you doing? Come on!

*Misato pulls Ritsuko along with her.

Staff: Isolating Sigma Unit, from B Floor. Closing all partitions.
All personnel in the area, must evacuate.

Ikari: I know that. Take care of it.

*Ikari hangs up the phone

Ikari: Cancel the red alert.

Aoba: Canceling the alert, Sir.

Ikari: Very good. Call the Committee, tell them there was an error in
our alarm system.

Aoba: Yes, Sir.

Hyuga: The contaminated area is still descending, Sir. It's spreading
all over Sigma Unit, from the Pribnow Box.

Fuyutsuki: That's too close.

Ikari: Yes. Much too close to Adam.

Ikari: We must stop the Angel inside Sigma Unit, if necessary
sacrifice the Geo-front. Eva status?

Hyuga: They're standing by in the 7th cage. We can launch them as
soon as the pilots are recovered.

Ikari: There's no need to wait for the pilots. Launch them
immediately.

Aoba & Hyuga: Huh?!

Ikari: You will launch Unit One, first. If necessary, the other two
Evangelions are to be abandoned.

Hyuga: Unit One, has priority?

Aoba: But Sir, how can we possibly destroy this Angel, without the
Evas?

Ikari: If the Evas are contaminated first, we'll be finished. Get
moving!

Aoba & Hyuga: Yes, Sir.



Announcement: Central Dogma to Sigma Unit, will be locked down in 60
seconds. 30 seconds, until the activation of the vacuum pump.

Kaji: So, that's the new Angel. Time to take a break, I think.



Staff: Central Dogma, has been sealed. Mega-depth facilities, are all
occupied by the intruder.

Fuyutsuki: So, how do we fight the Angels without the Evas?



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :13

Angel Invasion



Ritsuko: Look at this. The border between the normal and heavy water,
there's a higher oxygen content.

Maya: Yeah, their preference is pretty obvious.

Aoba: It looks like the place where ozone is vented in to maintain a
septic condition, isn't contaminated.

Misato: Does that mean its weakness is ozone?

Ritsuko: It would seem so.

Hyuga: Injecting ozone. Ozone concentration increasing.

Aoba: It's working, all right.

Fuyutsuki: Will this work?

Maya: Zero A and Zero B, seem to be recovering.

Aoba: The area around the pipes is getting back to normal.

Hyuga: True, but the central mass is proving more resist.

Fuyutsuki: Alright, inject more ozone.

Ritsuko: Huh, what the?

Aoba: Oh-oh. It's not shrinking.

Hyuga: Something's wrong. Heat levels are rising dramatically.

Aoba: The contaminated area, it's spreading again.

Maya: It's not working, the ozone's not working anymore.

Hyuga: I don't believe it! It's absorbing the ozone.

Ritsuko: Stop the ozone.

Ritsuko: Amazing, it's actually evolving.

Misato: What's going on?!

Aoba: We've got an unidentified intruder. Someone's hacking into the
Sub-computer! I'm tracing it.

Hyuga: Oh not now. They're coming in C mode. We can't stop 'em!

Aoba: We've got to unfreeze the barrier. Open a decoy entry.

Staff: Decoy entry has been avoided.

Aoba: T-18 seconds 'til trace completed.

Staff: Spreading barrier.

Staff: Barrier has been penetrated.

Staff: Open a second false entry.

Staff: Opening another false entry.

Hyuga: No human's capable of this.

Aoba: Trace completed. The hacker's in this building. It's under
B-Wing. In Pribnow Box!

Maya: The optical pattern is changing.

Aoba: Those glowing lines, are electronic circuits. It's an organic
computer.

Hyuga: I'm opening a new decoy entry... Negative, too much
interference.

Misato: Cut off the Main Cable.

Staff: Negative. It refuses to accept the command.

Misato: Utilise the lasers.

Maya: It's generating an AT-Field. No effect.

Aoba: Intruder is accessing the Main Security Banks. It's cracking
the pass-code. 12th digit, 16th digit. It's in.

Hyuga: It's broken into the Mainbank. It's reading all the files. We
can't stop it! It's got all our codes!

Fuyutsuki: What in the hell is it looking for?

Aoba: It's scanning the main directories. Accessing codes for... Oh
my God! It's going after the Magi system!

Ikari: Shut down the I/O system.

Aoba: System shut down.

Hyuga: 3, 2, 1...

Hyuga & Aoba: Argh!

Hyuga: We can't shut it down!

Maya: The Angel is entering the computers. It's made contact with
Melchior. The Angel is taking over Melchior.

Fuyutsuki: What?!

Maya: Melchior is being reprogrammed by the Angel.

Computer Voice: Melchior Autoself-destruct has being initiated.
Overruled, overruled, overruled, overruled.

Aoba: No it's taken over Melchior and it's hacking into Balthasar!

Hyuga: Fast! Too fast!

Aoba: The calculation speed is incredible!

Ritsuko: Change the login mode! Change synchronisation code, to every
fifteen seconds!

Aoba: Roger.

Hyuga: Yes ma'am.

Fuyutsuki: How much time did we buy?

Aoba: At least two hours, I think.

Ikari: The Magi, have become our enemy.



*Command Center. No one is there.

*The visual of the Angel is on.

Ritsuko: This Angel must be composed of, a group of nano-machines,
each the size of a virus. These nano-machines then group
together to form colonies, and in a very short period of time,
they mutate in a focussed exponential series to form, a
sophisticated intelligent circuit.

Fuyutsuki: Evolution...

Ritsuko: Yes. They're continuously changing and adapting themselves,
to obtain the best system, to cope with any environment, they
may encounter.

Fuyutsuki: I understand. It's this Angel's survival mechanism, total
adaptability.

Misato: The only effective countermeasure, for an enemy that
continually evolves to overcome its own weakness, is to
eliminate the host. If the Magi die, the parasites die too.
Therefore Commander, I propose the physical destruction of the
Magi.

Ritsuko: Impossible. Destroying the Magi means destroying
Headquarters, itself.

Misato: That's my recommendation, as head of Operations.

Ritsuko: Your out of line. This situation, is the responsibility of my
department.

Misato: Why are you being so stubborn?!

Ritsuko: This whole thing, is the result of my carelessness.

Misato: Why do you have to be like this, you never share the
responsibility. Why won't you trust someone else?

Ritsuko: As long as this Angel keeps evolving, we still have a chance.

Ikari: By controlling it's evolution?

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir.

Ikari: We must structure an evolution, that leads to
self-destruction, death itself.

Fuyutsuki: We'll set it up, so that absorbing the Magi, will lead to
an evolutionary dead-end.

Ritsuko: If the Angels believe it to be their only practical means of
survival, they may choose to co-existence with the Magi
system.

Hyuga: But how, what's your plan?

Ritsuko: Since, this Angel is like a computer, we could hack into it
by connecting it to Casper. Once we've done that, we could
then upload some kind of autoself-destruct program. But...

Maya: In order to do that, we'll have to remove the barriers, that
are protecting the last Magi.

Ikari: But, if Casper is faster than the Angel, we'll succeed?

Ritsuko: Yes.

Misato: This program, can it be ready in time? If Casper's taken over
first, it'll be all over.

Ritsuko: I keep my promises.



*The Magi on screen

Announcement: Red Alert, Red Alert. An emergency has occurred in Nerv
Headquarters. All D-Class personnel must evacuate.

*Casper is opened up

Maya: What are those paper things, ma'am?

Ritsuko: These are the developer's personal notes.

Maya: My God! They're access codes! The Magi's secret codes!

Misato: It's like having a map, to all the Magi's back doors.

Maya: Am I allowed to see these? Can't believe it, this is all INTC!
Schematics, everything! With these notes, we can program much
faster than was thought, right ma'am?

Ritsuko: Ah-ha.

Ritsuko: Thanks, Mum. With your help, we can make it.

Ritsuko: Ok.

Ritsuko: Wrench, please.

Misato: Hey, doesn't this remind you of our college days?

Ritsuko: Board number 25, please.

Ritsuko: Hmm, Ok.

Misato: So, why don't you tell me all about the Magi?

Ritsuko: It's a long story. Do you know about the personality
transplant OS?

Misato: Yeah. It is a system for implanting personality onto a 7th
generation systematic computer, to allow the system to think
for itself. The same technology it's used, for operating the
Evas.

Ritsuko: The Magi's programming was one of the first test subjects, so
since my mother was the one who developed the technology...

Misato: You mean it was her personality that was transplanted?

Ritsuko: That's right.

Ritsuko: In a very real sense, the Magi's brains are my mother.

Misato: Is that why you want to protect the Magi?

Ritsuko: I do not think so. Actually, to be quite honest, I never
really liked my mother. My decision was that of a scientist.



Hyuga: It's happening, Balthasar is been taken over.

Computer Voice: Magi autoself-destruction sequence has been
determined...

Misato: It's started?

Computer Voice: Self-destruction will occur 20 seconds after all three
AI's consent. Area of destruction will include Geoid depth
-280, -140, and floor 0. Under special command 582,
self-destruction cannot be cancelled without all three Magi's
consent.

Aoba: Balthasar is now invading Casper!

Fuyutsuki: They're faster than us.

Hyuga: They're fast alright!

Misato: But...

Computer Voice: T-20 seconds to self-destruct.

Fuyutsuki: My God!

Aoba: Casper will be taken over in 18 seconds!

Computer Voice: T-15 seconds to self-destruct.

Misato: Ritsuko! Hurry!

Ritsuko: Don't worry. I've got one whole second to spare.

Misato: Only one second!

Computer Voice: T-10 seconds to self-destruct.

Ritsuko: That's not a zero or a minus.

Computer Voice: 9, 8, 7--

Ritsuko: Maya?

Maya: We can do it!

Computer Voice: 6, 5, 4, 3--

Ritsuko: Hit it!

Computer Voice: 2, 1, 0.

Computer Voice: Autonomous self-destruct, has been cancelled.

Hyuga: Ha-ha!

Aoba: Yeah!

Maya & Misato: (Smiling Sighs)

Computer Voice: Special command 582 is cancelled. Magi system
returning to normal mode.

Ritsuko: Phew!

Computer Voice: Red Alert has been cancelled.



Announcement: Red Alert has been cancelled, Red Alert has been
cancelled.

Announcement: All hands return to...

Shinji: Oh, what's going on out there?

Asuka: Oh...! How am I gonna' get outta here naked! Somebody, help
me!

*In Entry plug, floating on a pond

Asuka: Hello?



Staff: Sigma Unit has been released. T-03 'til Magi reactivation.

Ritsuko: I must be getting old, these all-nighter are really rough?

Misato: Yeah, but at least you kept your promise, again. You did good.

*Misato hands a cup to Ritsuko

Ritsuko: Thank you. You know, this is the first time I've ever really
appreciated this paint thinner, you call coffee.

Misato: Hehehe.

Ritsuko: The night before she died, my mother told me that the Magi
were the three aspects of her life: herself as a scientist,
herself as a mother and herself as a woman. Those three
aspects of her, are struggling for dominance inside the Magi.
She intentionally implanted the dilemmas of the human
experience into it. Actually, each of the three programs are
slightly different as well. You know, I don't think I'm the
kind of woman who will ever have children of my own, so I
don't really understand her as a mother. But I respected her
as a scientist. However, when it came to her as a woman, I
hated her.

Misato: Well, you're rather talkative today.

Ritsuko: About some things. The program that was installed in Casper,
was the one of my mother has a woman and she stayed a woman
down to the very last second. How totally like my mother.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Seele is a secret organisation, that controls both Nerv and
the Human Instrumentality Project. Together with Ikari, they
verify the events of both past and present. Are the Angel
attacks and Ikari's behaviour, actually reenactments of the
Dead Sea Scrolls? With every phenomenon, simply following a
prescribed scenario? Is human hope even projected? It's the
next episode: Seele, Throne Of Souls. And they'll be more fan
service, too!
  