
  In the year 2015 AD.

*A strange, gigantic creature cruises underwater in a submerged city

*A group of tanks have their cannons aimed at the city



Radio: May I have your attention. As of 12:30 PM today, a special
state of emergency has been declared for the Kanto and Chubu
regions, surrounding the Tokai district. All residences must
evacuate to their designated shelters immediately. Repeat...
As of 12:30 PM today, a state of emergency has been declared
for the Kanto and Chubu regions, surrounding the Tokai
district. All residences must evacuate to the shelters immediately.

#Tokai is the district between Tokyo and Nagoya. Kanto and Chubu
#contains Tokai and the large area north of it.

*All destination panels at the station show 'All rail line operations
canceled'.



*In a car, with someone driving

Misato: Damn! Why did I have to lose him at a time like this?! Why now?

#The Japanese below the photo of Shinji is his name 'Ikari
#Shinji', written in katakana. He wears a uniform, which
#most junior high school students must wear in Japan. His
#clothing in this episode seems a kind of them.



*A boy is calling from a telephone booth

Phone: We're sorry. Due to the stay of special emergency, no lines are
currently available. This is a recording.

Shinji: It's no use... This is dumb... I shouldn't have come here...
Ahh...

#The Traffic panel shows "Tokyo-3: 13km, Gotenba: 35km." Gotenba
#is located at the foot of Mt. Fuji.

#You can see some handwriting on the photo. It says: "Dear
#Shinji-kun. I'm coming to meet you, so please wait for me."
#Attention to here! (her breasts)

Shinji: I guess we won't be meeting here. Maybe I should find a
shelter.

Shinji: Uh...

*A sudden strong wind

Shinji: Uhh...

Shinji: Ahh...

*A gigantic creature walking

Shinji: Ahhh!



*Operational Display

#I wonder if the place where I think UN Force Headquarters in
#Tokyo-3 is the same place which I regard Nerv Headquarters.

#I'll check it, but unfortunately I don't yet have enough
#information to confirm it.

Staff: Unidentified intruder is still coming towards us.

Male Voice: We've got it on visual. I'm putting it on the main screen.

*Two men (Ikari and Fuyutsuki)

Fuyutsuki: It's been 15 years...

Ikari: Yes, well now we know for sure. The Angels are back.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE: 1

ANGEL ATTACK



*UN forces attack the Angel

Aircraft: Every single missile hit the target!

Aircraft: Ahh!

*A UN aircraft crashed

Shinji: Ahh!

*Misato stops the car and opens the door

Misato: Sorry, get in, am I real late...

*Missile attacks



Male Voice: The target's still coming towards us. It's headed straight
for Tokyo-3.

Staff: The Air Defense Force doesn't have enough firepower to stop
it.

*3 commanders of the UN force

Sub Commander A: Fire everything we've got, mobilise the Atsugi and
the Iruma Forces.

#Atsugi is the US base in Japan. Iruma is the Japanese Air
#Defense Force's base.

Sub Commander B: Don't hold anything back! Destroy that thing at any
cost!

*Another missile attack, but no effect.

Sub Commander B: It's not possible! That was a direct hit!

Sub Commander A: The tank battalion has been wiped out. Guided
missiles and artillery fire seem to have no effect at all.

Sub Commander B: Damn it! We've hit with everything we've got and
we're not even touching it!

*Ikari & Fuyutsuki

Fuyutsuki: Looks like an AT-Field, Hmm..?

Ikari: Yes. Conventional weapons are no match for the Angels.

*A phone call

One of Cmdr: I understand, Sir. We'll execute backup plan at once.



*The Angel is in the distance

*Misato looks through field glasses

Misato: Now wait a second... No! They're gonna use an N2 mine?! Get
down!

*A big explosion



Commanders: Yeah...

Sub Cmdr A: Well Ikari, it looks like you won't be getting a shot at
it!

Fuyutsuki: Ha-ha, hmm...

Staff: Shock wave approaching.



*Misato and Shinji near the overturned car

Misato: Are you all right?

Shinji: Yeah, but my mouth is full of dirt.

Misato: You'll be alright. Come on...

Misato: Ready to push... Go!... Push!...

*They succeed in turning over the car.

Misato: Thanks Shinji. You're pretty useful.

Shinji: Thank you. But, I should thank you Miss. Katsuragi.

Misato: Misato is fine. So Shinji Ikari we meet at last.

Shinji: Ah, yeah.



Cmdr-in-Chief: What's the status of the target?

Staff: We're unable to confirm, the EM-Pulse knocked everything out.

Sub Cmdr B: It must be dead, it took the full blast.

Male Voice: External sensors restored.

Female Voice: Energy readings at the epicenter!

Sub Cmdr B: It can't be!

Male Voice: External cameras online.

Commanders: Oh...! No...!

Sub Commander B: That was our last resort...

Cmdr-in-Chief: No effect at all...

Sub Cmdr A: It's a demon!

*Angel regenerating itself



*Misato drives her broken car while making a phone call

Misato: Yes. Don't worry. His safety is my top priority. Look, can you
get a car train ready for us, an express of course. Well I did
volunteer to pick him up, so it's only my duty to make sure he
gets there. See-ya.

Misato (thinking): This stinks! I just had this car repaired and it's
a total wreck already...

Misato (thinking): 33 more payments to go... Plus the cost of
repairs...!

Misato (thinking): And look, my favourite dress is ruined... ruined...

Shinji: Miss Misato?

Misato (thinking): And I looked so good in it...

Shinji: Excuse me, Misato...?

Misato: Ah, what's that?

Shinji: Those batteries, isn't that, theft?

*Batteries which she seems to have stolen...

Misato: Ah, don't worry about it. Ah, it's an emergency and we needed
a working car right. Ah, I am a government official after all,
so everything's going to be perfectly fine, OK! Ok.

Shinji: I don't think anyone will buy that excuse!

Misato: You're no fun. You know, you're not as cute as I thought you
were.

Shinji: Is that so?

Misato: Oohh, angry? I'm sorrrry. Hahaha. You're just a boy after all.

Shinji: You're not as mature as I thought you'd be either.

*Misato drives the car roughly

Shinji: Ah! Hey! Watch out!



*Injured Angel stands in the plain

Fuyutsuki: As we suspected, it's regenerating itself.

Ikari: Without that ability, it couldn't operate without support
units.

Commanders: Ohhh...

Fuyutsuki: Well, quite impressive. It can upgrade its operational
parameters.

Ikari: And it's also getting smarter.

Fuyutsuki: It should renew its attack any minute now.



*A car-transport train departing from the station

Announcement: The gates are now closing. Please stand clear. The train
is about to depart. This train ...

Shinji: Nerv?

Misato: Ah-ha, it's a secret organization controlled by the UN.

Shinji: And that's where my father works?

Misato: Well, yeah. You do know what he does, don't you?

Shinji: All my teachers told me was that it was important to the
future of mankind.



*Ikari standing before the 3 commanders of the UN force in Nerv
*Headquarters

Cmdr-in-Chief: Command of this operation is been entrusted to you.
Don't betray our trust.

Ikari: Yes, Sir.

Sub Cmdr B: Mr. Ikari, we've already seen that our weapons seem to
have no affect on these things. That's why we're giving you a
chance.

Cmdr-in-Chief: Are you sure that you can beat them?

Ikari: That is why Nerv exists.

Cmdr-in-Chief: I pray you're right.

*UN Commanders disappear.

Staff: The target is still stationary.

Male Voice: Estimated current ability to intercept is only 7.5%.

Fuyutsuki: The UN Forces are exhausted. What are you going to do?

Ikari: Activate Unit One.

Fuyutsuki: Activate it? But we have no pilot.

Ikari: Not anymore, another spare is being delivered.



*Shinji and Misato in her car on the car train

Shinji: Misato, are we going to see my father?

Misato: Of course, of course we are.

Shinji (thinking): Father...

Misato: Oh yeah, did your dad send you an ID card?

Shinji: Um, yeah.

Shinji: This is it.

Misato: Oh thanks!

#Japanese on the top of the paper is 'Ikari Shinji'. The one at
#the bottom is 'Come! Ikari Gendo'.

Misato: Here, start reading this, Ok.

#'Top Secret' is on Misato's side. 'Welcome to Nerv' is on
#Shinji's side.

Shinji: Nerv... My father's agency... Am I going to be working for
him?

Shinji: What am I saying? He wouldn't have sent me a letter unless he
needed me for something.

Misato: Sounds like you don't get along with your dad... You sound
just like me.

*Underground city appears

Shinji: Awesome! It's a real Geo-front!

'Geo-front' is English word which was made in Japan. It means#underground space which the people can use for living,
#manufacturing, etc. Because Japan is small, the development plan
#of underground space is studied.

Misato: That's right. This is our secret underground base, Nerv
Central. This city is the key to rebuilding our world a
fortress for all mankind.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE: 1

ANGEL ATTACK



*Shinji and Misato on a moving walkway

Misato: What on earth. Isn't this the right way ...

#Japanese on the top means 'Nerv Headquarters'. The handwriting
#on the map means 'HERE!' The handwritten 'WC' beside the
#map means 'lavatory/rest room'.

Misato: It's because of these things that I hate to wear a skirt
around here. I wonder where in the heck Ritsuko is? I'm sorry,
I'm not used to this place.

Shinji: We passed this spot twice already.

Misato: Well don't worry about it, they make these transit things to
be used you know.



Announcement: Would the chairperson of E Project, Technical Division
1, Dr. Ritsuko Akagi. Please contact Captain Misato Katsuragi
of Operations Division 1.

#Misato's rank is 'Ichi-i' in Japanese.

#Japanese on the cylinder seems to mean 'Air'.

*Ritsuko takes her wetsuit off.

Ritsuko: I don't believe it. Is she lost again?



*Ritsuko enters the elevator which Shinji and Misato took

Misato: Ah! Hi there, Ritsuko...

Ritsuko: Why are you wasting my time, Captain? Don't you know we're
short on time and manpower!

Misato: Sorry...

Ritsuko: So, is this the boy?

Misato: Right, according to the Marduk report, he's the "Third
Child".

Ritsuko: Pleased to meet you.

Shinji: Ah... uh. Sure.

Misato: I'm afraid he's just like his father... the gruff and
unfriendly part that is.



Ikari: Handle the rest of this.

*Ikari descends by lift

Fuyutsuki: They're first meeting in three years.

Male Staff: Sir, it looks like the target's starting to move again.

Fuyutsuki: I see... Lets go to battle stations Level 1.



*Shinji, Misato and Ritsuko coming up on the lift with a pink/red
background

Staff: Battle stations Level 1. Prepare for ground level intercept.

Misato: There we go.

Ritsuko: It sounds pretty serious.

Misato: So how's Unit One coming?

Ritsuko: It's currently undergoing refrigeration using the B-type
equipment.

Misato: Does it really work? It's never worked before has it?

Ritsuko: The possibility of activation is 0.0000000001%. Around here
we just call it the "09 system."

Misato: Does that mean it doesn't work?

Ritsuko: Don't be insulting. Its 09, as in Oni a Japanese Devil.

Misato: Well. Anyway, I suppose it's a bit late to be saying "Sorry,
it doesn't work."



*A boat going on the pink water

*Only a line of light coming through the entrance

*A sudden blackout

Shinji: Hey, Ah, why's it so dark in here.

*The big (ugly!) face of Evangelion appears before Shinji as lights
*snap on

Shinji: Ah, it's a face... A giant robot...

Ritsuko: You won't find this in there.

Shinji: What?

Ritsuko: This is man's ultimate Fighting Machine, the synthetic
lifeform known as Evangelion, Unit One. Built here in secret,
it is mankind's last hope.

Shinji: Is this my father's work?

Ikari: Correct.

*Ikari appears at the top of the room

Ikari: It's been a while.

Shinji: Father...

Ikari: We're moving out.

Misato: Moving out?! But Unit Zero's still in cryo-stasis... Wait a
minute you're gonna use Unit One?

Ritsuko: There's no other way.

Misato: Now wait! Rei can't do it yet can she? We don't have a pilot!

Ritsuko: We just received one.

Misato: You're serious?

Ritsuko: Shinji Ikari, you will pilot it.

Misato: But even Rei Ayanami took seven months to synchronise with her
Eva. It's impossible for him to do it, he just got here!

Ritsuko: He just has to sit in the seat, we don't expect more than
that.

Misato: But...!

Ritsuko: Listen, defeating that Angel is our ultimate priority. If we
have someone who has a chance at synchronising with an Eva,
then we've got to risk it. You do understand that don't you,
Captain Katsuragi?

Misato: Yes, Ma'am.

Shinji: Why did, you send for me?

Ikari: You know why I sent for you.

Shinji: So, you're asking me to take this thing and go out there and
fight?

Ikari: Correct.

Shinji: How could you do this to me?! I thought you didn't want me!
Why? Why did you have to call me now father?

Ikari: Because I have a use for you.

Shinji: But Why...? Why me...?

Ikari: Because there is no one else who can.

Shinji: No I can't. I've never even seen anything like this before.
There's no way I can do this.

Ikari: You will be instructed.

Shinji: But still... There's no way... I can't pilot that thing!

Ikari: If you're going to do it, do it now, if not, then leave!

*Many maintenance men anxiously stare at the scenery...

*Angel attacks the ground above Nerv Headquarters

Ikari: It's close, it must sense us.

Ritsuko: Shinji, we don't have much time.

Misato: Get inside.

Shinji: This is all wrong. I came all this way. Why did I come?!

Misato: Why Shinji?... Exactly why did you come here? You mustn't run
away, you must confront your father and you must confront
yourself.

Shinji: I know that. But, I just... can't!

Ikari: Fuyutsuki.

*Fuyutsuki on the screen

Fuyutsuki: Sir

Ikari: Wake up Rei.

Fuyutsuki: Can we use her?

Ikari: She's not dead yet.

Fuyutsuki: Understood.

Ikari: Rei?

Rei: Yes.

Ikari: Our spare is unusable, you will do it again.

Rei: Yes Sir.

Ritsuko: Reconfigure Unit One's system for Rei! Then activate!

Female Voice: Roger. Calling off current program and beginning
activation.

Shinji: I knew it, I'm not needed after all.

*Rei, on a hospital bed, is wheeled in.

*Angel attacks again

Misato: Look out!

*Eva protects Shinji with its right hand

Shinji: Ah!

Staff: The Eva activated itself!

Male Voice: It ripped right out of the right arm restraints!

Ritsuko: No, That's not possible! The entry plug wasn't even inserted.
That just can't happen!

Misato: You mean it reacted without any kind of interface?... Was it
willing to protect something?... To protect him?... It's him!

*Shinji runs to Rei and holds her

*Rei is suffering in agony

Shinji (thinking): I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away, I mustn't
run away, I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away...

Shinji: I'll do it... I'll pilot it.



Staff: Cooling process completed.

Staff: Right arm repairs completed.

Staff: Cage now in position for docking.

Female Staff: Signal plug terminator now been ejected.

Staff: Roger. Inserting the entry plug.

Staff: Plug locked in place.

Staff: Connecting Unit One.

*Shinji in the entry plug (a cockpit)

Female Voice: Filling the entry plug.

Shinji: Huh? What is this stuff? Ah, ah, ah, uguh....

Ritsuko: Don't worry. Once your lungs are filled with LCL, your blood
will be oxygenated directly. You'll get used to it.

Shinji: Fuah, guhah... I'm gonna' be sick...

Misato: Stop complaining! You're a boy you know!

Staff: Connecting main power.

Staff: All circuits transmitting.

Staff: Roger.

Female Voice: Connecting secondary contact.

Female Voice: A10-nerve connection normal.

Ritsuko: Configure the language logic interface for Japanese.

Staff: All preliminary contacts established, performance nominal.

Female Staff: Bi-directional circuits are open. Synchronisation ratio
at 41.3%.

Ritsuko: Amazing!

Female Staff: Harmonics seem to be normal. I see no disturbances.

Ritsuko: Let's do it!

Misato: Begin launch sequence.

*Evangelion

Staff: Beginning launch sequence!

Staff: Removing primary lock bolts!

Staff: Removal confirmed!

Staff: Removing the umbilical bridge!

Staff: Removing secondary lock bolts!

Staff: Removing primary restraints.

Staff: Removing secondary restraints.

Staff: Releasing safety locks number one through fifteen.

Staff: Internal batteries fully charged!

Staff: External battery outlet closed.

*Nerv Headquarters

Female Staff: Roger. Move Eva Unit One to the launch pad.

Female Voice: Launch path clear. All systems green.

Ritsuko: Evangelion ready for launch.

Misato: Understood. Can we really do this?

Ikari: Of course. Unless we defeat the Angels we have no future.

Fuyutsuki: Ikari, are you absolutely certain?

Misato: Eva Launch!



*Angel walking in the city

*Eva appears on the ground

Misato: Shinji... Don't get killed out there.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Eva defeats Angel, but this is only the beginning of an epic
conflict. When Shinji pulls away from his father, Misato's
arrogance leads her into thinking that she must save Shinji.
It happens in the next episode:
Unfamiliar Ceiling / The Beast. There'll be a little fan
service as well. And what service.



End of Episode:1


