


Ikari: Correct, I have already made the necessary arrangements with
the Committee. The cargo left port yesterday, it's making its
way over here.



Kensuke: Wow! A MIG 55D transport helicopter! I never thought I'd
actually get a chance to fly on one of these hot mama's! Man
it's great having a famous buddy like you, right Shinji?

Shinji: Eh?

Misato: Yeah, I thought you must be getting sick of being cramped up
in the mountains. So I thought it'd be kinda nice to invite
you guys to come along with me on this little date.

Toji: What?! Are you saying that this is really a date we're having
Misato? And I brought this cap especially for today, just for
you, I'll never take it off.

Shinji: So, where are we going?

Misato: Oh, we're just taking a cruise on that cute little boat down
there.

Kensuke: Oh my God! 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Aircraft Carriers and 4 Battleships!
What a fleet!

Toji: That's your cute little boat?

Kensuke: She's gorgeous! That's the pride of the UN combined fleet
the Supercarrier "Over the Rainbow."

Shinji: It's enormous.

Misato: Personally, I'm surprised that such a crusty old relic can
still float.

Kensuke: Nah, it's not so bad, it's a vintage model, from just before
the Second Impact.



Admiral: Damn! Give me a break! It looks like they're brought the
power cables for that children's toy of theirs. Give me a
break!



Kensuke: Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool! Totally awesome! This is way
too cool! I'm so happy I wanta cry! Look at those antennas and
dishes and guns and launchpads! Aw, man cool look at that! Aw,
look at those over there!

Toji: Hey, wait up! Get my hat! Stop! Stop, damn you!

Shinji: (yawn)

Misato: Aaah...

Toji: Stop, damn you! That's my special hat! Stop it, someone! C'mon
stop it!

Toji: What!

Asuka: Well, hello Misato. How have you been?

Misato: Just fine, goodness you've grown some, haven't you?

Asuka: Ah-ha! And I'm not just taller, my figure's filled out as
well.

Toji: gggg...

Misato: Let me introduce you, this is the designated pilot of Eva Unit
Two, the Second Child, Asuka Langley Soryu.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :8

Asuka Strikes!



(Slap! Slap! Slap!)

Toji: What did you do that for?!

Asuka: That's the viewing fee. Quite a bargain.

Toji: It's over priced, but that's alright! Here's your change!

Asuka: What?! (Slap!)

Asuka: And so, which one is the famous Third Child? Oh-no.

Misato: Don't worry Asuka, it's him.

Asuka: Hmm... Not much to look at...



Admiral: Hmm... Nerv and from your antics on the deck, I was quite
sure you were the leader of this Boy Scout Troop, obviously I
was mistaken.

Misato: Thank you for all your gracious hospitality, Admiral.

Admiral: Oh-no. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to baby-sit so
many more children.

Misato: And thank you for your assistance, in the marine transport of
Eva Unit Two. Here are the specifications for the emergency
power supply.

Admiral: Hm. You've wasted a trip, I'd never approve any request to
activate that toy, while at sea in the first place.

Misato: Think of it as being prepared for an emergency. The Eva is
quite valuable, Sir.

Admiral: So valuable, that the entire Pacific Fleet has to be pulled
for guard duty. Exactly when did the UN recommission us into a
bloody cargo service?

Kensuke: Wow.....! Yeah......!

First Officer: If my memory serves me correctly, it was just after a
certain organisation was established.

Admiral: Guarding a toy! What a ridiculously grandiose assignment for
the entire Pacific Fleet!

Misato: It's still not enough, not when you consider the importance of
the Eva. Sign these transfer documents please.

Admiral: Not yet. Eva Unit Two and its pilot have been entrusted to us
by the 3rd Branch in Germany. You are just not (us) gonna waltz in
and do as you please, Captain Katsuragi.

Misato: When will you transfer them to us?

First Officer: Once we've unloaded in New Yokosuka.

Admiral: The ocean is our jurisdiction. You will follow our orders
here.

Misato: I understand. However, I should remind you that in an
emergency Nerv's military authority overrides your own.

Toji: She's awesome!

Shinji: She sounds just like Ritsuko...

Kaji: Well, you're as confident as always...

Asuka: Kaji!

Misato: Ahha!

Admiral: Mr. Kaji! I must insist that you stop inviting yourself onto
the bridge!

Kaji: Oh, sorry about that.

Misato: Please excuse us. Transport us to New Yokosuka, as ordered.

Toji: Wasn't this a date?

Kensuke: Awesome! This is so awesome!

Admiral: Damn! Those children are mankind's salvation?

First Officer: I suppose the times are changing, Sir. I understand
that Congress has pinned its hopes on that robot as well.

Admiral: On that child's play thing? What idiots! If they've got the
money to blow on that, they oughta' give us a little more!



Misato: What are you doing here?!

Kaji: Accompanying her. I'm on a business trip of sorts.

Misato: Talk about careless. I should have anticipated something like
this...

Misato & Asuka: Hey, watch where your touching!

Kaji & Toji: I can't help it!



Kaji: So do you have a boyfriend, right now?

Misato: I don't think that's any of your business, is it?

Kaji: I'm hurt... Ow.

Kaji: So I understand that your living with Katsuragi?

Shinji: Ah, yeah.

Kaji: Tell me something, is she still so, wild in bed?

All: What?!

Misato: What are you implying by that?!

Kaji: No she hasn't changed at all, has she Shinji?

Shinji: Um, I guess. But, how did you know what my name was?

Kaji: Well, I oughta' know you. You're pretty famous in the defense
business you know. The famous Third Child who piloted an Eva
in his first battle with no training.

Shinji: Ow that, I was just lucky.

Kaji: Luck is a part of your destiny, it's your talent. Well, I'll
see you later.

Shinji: Ok.

Misato: It's a bad dream. It's a nightmare...



Kaji: So what do you think about Shinji Ikari?

Asuka: Oh, the great Third Child? He's boring!

Kaji: And yet, his synchronisation ratio was well over 40% in combat
with no prior training.

Asuka: My God!



Toji: That Admiral's attitude gets on my nerves.

Misato: He's full of himself alright. To much pride's bound to make
him cynical.

Shinji: That Mr. Kaji's pretty, umm-ahh... Interesting, huh?

Misato: He hasn't changed at all, that chauvinistic pig!

Asuka: Hey, Third Child!

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: You're coming with me.



Shinji: That's really an interesting colour. I didn't know it was red.

Asuka: That's not all that's different about Unit Two.

Shinji: Ah-ha.

Asuka: Unit's Zero and One were the prototype and test type
respectively. The fact that Unit One synchronised with an
untrained pilot like you is proof of that. However, Unit Two
is a little different. My Unit Two is the world's first real
Evangelion, created for actual combat conditions, it's the
final production model.

Shinji: Ah, what was that? An explosion.

Asuka: Undersea shock wave...!

Asuka: And it sounded close.

Asuka: Look...!

Shinji: What's that...?! It can't be... Angels?

Asuka: Angels? You mean a real one...?

Shinji: This is really bad. We've gotta go back and find Misato.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :8

Asuka Strikes!



Announcement: All ships, fan out and take evasive actions.

First Officer: Radio room, status report.

Staff: The Simberly's, gone silent! Titus Andronicus, can't locate
the target! The Malocsly Blue's taking on water.

Admiral: Damn it all! What in the hell is going on?!

Misato: Hello, Nerv Delivery! Would you like to order data on this
enemy and countermeasures to use against it?

Admiral: This is a combat situation. Get the hell off my bridge!

Misato: This is just my opinion, but I'd say that must be an Angel.

Admiral: All ships, fire at will!

Misato: It's pointless.



Kaji: An AT-Field can't be penetrated with this kind of firepower.



Misato: But what is this Angel doing here? Is it after Unit Two?



Shinji: Where are you taking me?

Asuka: Just wait here a second.

Shinji: I don't believe this?

Asuka: Ahh! Don't peep, you deviant!

Shinji: Sorry!

Asuka: Why do all boys have to be such a bunch of perverted jerks?!

Asuka: Let's go, Asuka.



Admiral: Why won't it sink?

Toji: Only an Eva can beat it.

Admiral: What...?

Toji: Nothing.



Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: Well, put it on!

Shinji: Eh?

Asuka: Don't stand there, get moving!

Shinji: Ok, but why do we need these flight suits for Asuka?

Asuka: Are you dense? We're gonna' defeat that Angel with my Unit
Two.

Shinji: No way. Does Misato know about this?

Asuka: I'll get her permission after the fact.

Asuka: There, get ready for an amazing display of piloting Third
Child.

Shinji: Ah?

Asuka: Just sit down and don't bug me.



Misato: This is odd the Angel seems to be looking for something.



Kaji: I wasn't expecting to see an Angel. This isn't how it's
suppose to be, is it?

Ikari: That's why Unit Two is there, and I've generously provided a
second pilot as a reserve. If worse comes to worst, you can
always escape by yourself.

Kaji: Of course I can.



Asuka (in German): LCL filling entry plug intake! Beginning activation
sequence! Confirmed, Opening nerve-link channels. Confirmed!
Engaging cardiac monitor. Confirmed! Synchronisation start!

Shinji: It's a program error?

Asuka: It's thought noise. I told you not to disturb me.

Shinji: What do you mean?

Asuka: Ah, your thinking in Japanese, aren't you? If you must think
do it in German.

Shinji: Well, I'll try... Strudel, Bratwurst...

Asuka: Never mind! We'll start over again, switch language to
Japanese.

Asuka: Evangelion Unit Two, go!



Staff: Communication from the Othero: Eva Unit Two is activating.

Admiral: Say what?

Misato: Alright, Asuka!

Admiral: Abort! Stop the Eva activation sequence!

Misato: Don't listen to that moron Asuka, go for it!

Admiral: What are you doing?! That Eva and its pilot are under my
jurisdiction! You're violating my authority!

Misato: Who gives a damn about your procedures, this is an emergency!

Admiral: I'll have you thrown out...!

Misato: Hey give me that!

First Officer: Oh dear lord! Unit Two is still using the B type
equipment.

Admiral & Misato: What?



Shinji: If we fall into the ocean, we're done for.

Asuka: Then we won't do that.



Misato: Shinji, are you in there, too?

Shinji: Yes ma'am, hi.

Admiral: They're just kids!

Misato: This is our chance, right.

Misato: Asuka, take off!



Shinji: Go!

Asuka: Let's do it!

Asuka: Where is it?

Shinji: That way!

Shinji: We've got just 58 seconds left.

Asuka: I'm well aware of that! Misato, get the external power
supplies off and onto the flight deck.

Misato: I'm on it.

Admiral: What's she doing now?

Asuka: Wait, let's play hopscotch!

Shinji: Hopscotch?!

Deck Officers: Ahh!

Staff: Power supply is in place.

Staff: Reactor connection completed.

Announcement: Take cover, take cover.

First Officer: All hands, prepare for impact.

Admiral: This is nuts!

Asuka: Eva Unit Two, coming in for landing!

Shinji: Ahh...!

Misato: Ohh...!

Kensuke: Oh, what a waste!

Staff: The target is approaching rapidly!

Shinji: Angel, approaching from 9 o'clock.

Asuka: Switching to external power. Switch completed.

Shinji: We don't have any guns.

Asuka: The Progressive Knife oughta' do it.

Shinji: It's gigantic!

Asuka: The bigger they are...

Admiral: What are they gonna' do now?

Misato: Hand-to-hand combat is the best way to defeat the Angels.

Misato: Looking good, Asuka!

Admiral: This isn't a game! Look what your doing to my flight deck!

Asuka & Shinji: Ahh...!

Toji & Misato & Kensuke and others: Ahh...!

Admiral: Look it's sinking!

Misato: Asuka! It's impossible to fight underwater, using the B type
equipment.

Asuka: Well you know what they always say you don't know until you
try...

Kensuke: Oh man...!

Misato: How much cable is left?

First Officer: 1,200 meters.

Admiral: What are you going to do?

Misato: We'll deal with it.

Asuka: Ahhh...

Shinji: We've got to do something!

Misato: The cable's about to run out! Get braced for the shock!

Asuka: Damn it!

Staff: Eva has lost the target.

Kensuke: I've got to change the disk...

Kensuke: Ah...! A Yak 38 Custom!

Kaji: Hey, Katsuragi!

Misato: Kaji!

Kaji: I've got to make a delivery, so I'll just be taking off.

Misato: Ohh...!

Kaji: Well, let's go!

Kaji: Take care of the rest of this, Captain.

Toji: He run away.

Staff: Admiral, the target is approaching Eva again!

Shinji: Here it comes, again!

Asuka: Right, I'll finish it off this time!

Asuka: Hey, what's wrong?! It's not working!

Shinji: It's B type equipment...

Asuka: What'er you gonna' do?

Shinji: What am I...?!

Asuka: You're the famous Third Child, aren't you? Do something.

Shinji: Look!

Asuka: Teeth!

Shinji: It's an Angel.

Asuka & Shinji: Ahh...!

Staff: Eva Two has entered the target's body.

Toji: Does that mean the Eva's been eaten?

Toji: This is like Marlin fishing...

Misato: Fishing...? That's it, fishing!

Shinji: Ah, man it just goes from bad to worse!

Asuka: Oh, shut up you pessimist. And get off my lap you pervert!

Shinji: But we've got to free ourselves!

Misato: Asuka, do you read me?

Misato: Don't let that Angel get away!

Asuka & Shinji: Huh?

Misato: Well, Admiral.

Admiral: What now?

Misato: I'm going to need your co-operation.

Admiral: A point blank assault by the two surviving battleships?

Misato: Correct. We'll sink these two evacuated battleships inline
with the Umbilical Cable as a trap. When the Eva opens the
Angel's mouth, both ships will rush into the opening, once
inside the Angel, the ships computers will be activated via
remote-control. They will then fire all of their bow turret
cannons, and self-destruct, destroying the target.

Admiral: Preposterous!

Misato: Preposterous perhaps, but not completely impossible.

Admiral: I understand.

Announcement: All hands, abandon ship. I Repeat, all hands abandon
ship.

Admiral: What about the Evangelion?

Misato: Don't worry about them. They'll be perfectly fine.

Asuka: Hey, don't operate my Eva without my permission!

Misato: Shinji, Asuka, do you understand the operation?

Shinji: I'll do the best job I can, Ahh.

Staff: All ships open the Kingston valves, scuttle at point Z.

Misato: Reverse the cable!

Asuka & Shinji: Ahh!

Staff: Eva has started surfacing. T-70 to contact.

Asuka: Hey, are you rubbing against me on purpose? Cut it out, dork!

Shinji: Will you quit complaining! We've got to open its mouth or
we'll be fish food!

Staff: T-60 to contact.

Misato: How's its mouth?

First Officer: It's still not open.

Staff: Both battleships are sinking towards the target.

Staff: Eva continues to surface. T-50 to contact.

Shinji: It's stuck!

Asuka: There's no time left!

Staff: Target has passed beneath the Tempest.

Misato: There's no time left! Do it!

Asuka: Now don't get any strange ideas!

Shinji: Like what?

Asuka: Let's just concentrate on getting oughta' here!

Shinji: Works for me!

Staff: T-20 to contact.

Asuka & Shinji: Aggh...

Staff: T-15 to contact.

Shinji & Asuka (thinking): Open, open, open, open!

Misato: Fire!



New Yokosuka (Formerly Odawara)

Ritsuko: My, my, my, quite spectacular!

Misato: I should have anticipated it. That was dumb.

Ritsuko: You're apologising. Are you Ok?

Misato: Cut it out. At least we collected a lot of valuable data.

Ritsuko: I see.

Ritsuko: Misato...

Misato: Huh?

Ritsuko: This data really is important.

Toji: Ah, look!

Kensuke: Nice figure!

Ritsuko: They broke their synchronisation ratio records.

Misato: Just for 7 seconds. It must have been due to the danger.

Asuka: Wait, wait. Hey, where's Kaji?

Misato: He took a pouter, he's probably back at the Headquarters by
now. That jerk!



Kaji: My goodness, that was a rather eventful trip, wasn't it? Was
it caused by this, I wonder?

Kaji: Well, it's already restored itself this far. It's frozen, but
it's still alive.

Kaji: Quite amazing. This is the keystone of Human Instrumentality
Project, isn't it?

Ikari: Correct. This is the first human being. This is Adam.



Toji: She may have looked cute, but she was a real female dog, if
you know what I mean.

Kensuke: Well, at least we won't have to see her again.

Toji: Yeah, but Mr. Big Shot here has still gotta go work with her
everyday. I feel sorry for him.

Toji: Look...!

Asuka: I'm Asuka Langley Soryu, charmed huh?



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: It's a full scale, Beachhead operation as a new Angel
attacks. Unfortunately, Asuka and Shinji's lack of
co-operation on their first official assignment, results in
both of them getting badly roughed up. Misato however, has a
plan to make them achieve perfect synchronisation. A six day
long epic drama with the future of mankind hanging in the
balance is about to begin. It's in the next episode:
Both of You Dance Like You Want to Win
(One With Accord In A Flash)! And there'll be more fan
service, too.
  