
  Male Voice A: So the fiction has become the reality. How ironic, that
the experimenter has became it's victim.

Male Voice B: So, you believe that the contact experiment was the
direct cause?

Male Voice A: You mean, was the mental breakdown the result of the
contact?

Male Voice B: Yes. Killing herself and leaving such a young girl
behind is so awful.

Male Voice C: Perhaps. But I believe there may have been some
additional causes.



Kyoko: Asuka darling, mama cooked your favorite for you. Oh-no, you
mustn't complain about what you like and dislike, or that girl
over there, will laugh at you.

Female doctor: She just sits there everyday. Talking to the doll, as
if it were her real daughter.

Asuka's father: I think it's because of the guilt she must feel. She
devoted her entire life to her research, not to taking care of
her own daughter.

Female Doctor: I feel your grief.

Asuka's father: It's like, looking at porcelain figures of a mother
and her child. Perhaps there really isn't much difference
between humans and dolls.

Female doctor: Mankind creates dolls in our own image. If God exists,
perhaps we're all just a bunch of dolls to him.

Asuka's father: Hmm. Hearing you say something like that, makes it
hard for me to believe that you're a modern physician.

Female doctor: I may be a doctor, but I'm a human being and a woman
first.

Announcement: Medical Staff meeting for the E incident will be held on
time. All senior staff report to the second meeting room.



Asuka's grandmother: You're a strong girl, Asuka. But it's alright if
you have to cry.

Asuka: I'll never cry grandmother. I have to take care of myself now.



Ritsuko: Asuka! Your sync-ratio has dropped an entire 8 points. Don't
think about anything else. Just concentrate the way you use
to.

Asuka: I'm trying too!



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :22

At Least, Be Humane



Maya: Asuka's sync-ratio is getting lower and lower. What does it
mean ma'am?

Ritsuko: It means trouble. We don't have a spare. Let's concentrate
our efforts on fixing Unit Zero. We can't waste time on the
one we might not be able to use.



Staff: The Mitosis Process in the left arm of Unit Two, has cleared
the numerical requirement. Code green.

Staff: Development of Necrosis is currently under 0.05%.

Staff: Status of the Apotheosis Process is nominal.

Staff: The current status of Unit Zero's regeneration is stable.

Staff: Connecting receptors to the secondary terminal.



Misato (thinking): The Eva series was created from the Angel known as
Adam. Now in order to defeat the Angels, we are employing the
same forces which caused the Second Impact and wiped out half
the human race. Only humans could be so foolish, as to attempt
to harness the engine of our own destruction.

Misato: I hate the Evas. Is our revenge worth this.

Hyuga: Major Katsuragi!



Misato: They've started construction on all the Evas through Unit 13?
At seven different locations around the world?

Hyuga: Yeah. This information came via Shanghai. My source is
reliable.

Misato: Why are they speeding up the construction process now?

Hyuga: Well, we've lost two Evas recently and two more Evas are
severely damaged. So I'd assume they're accelerating for the
purpose of creating a reserve force.

Misato: Perhaps? But we've been receiving spare parts from Germany
that were originally intended for Eva Units 5 and 6. They've
been spending an awful lot of cash lately.

Hyuga: And that's after they just doubled the existing budget. I
think the executives are been driven by something.

Misato: Yeah, I can almost feel the Committee's impatience behind
this.

Hyuga: Do you think they're doing this in anticipation of having to
intercept multiple Angels at once, rather than the singular
probes we've seen thus far?

Misato: Hmm... Except that there's no reason for them to be doing that
outside of official channels. There's got to be some other
reason for this.



Misato (thinking): This is the first time all three of us have gotten
together in a while. Why is there such an air of gloom?

Asuka: I'm finished now.

Phone: (Ring)

Misato: Asuka!

Asuka: Why should I get it! It's probably just Kaji calling for you.
You should answer your own phone.

Misato: He won't call again...

Asuka: Ah, the invincible Shinji stoops to answering the phone. He
doesn't just save the world.

Shinji: Yes, hello...

Asuka: Damn him. I hate the way he ignores me.

Asuka: Huh?

Shinji: It's a call from Germany, Asuka. I think it's your mother.

Asuka: A call for me? My mother? Give me that! Hallo, Mutter! Wir
haben uns lange nichts gehoert...

#Asuka speaks German with a heavy Japanese accent.

Shinji (thinking): When she speaks in a language I can't understand,
Asuka seems to be a different person.

Shinji: Asuka's mother...



Asuka: ......Gute Nacht!

Shinji: Wow, you two were on the phone quite a while.

Asuka: Well, it was just a routine communication.

Shinji: I wish, I talked to my family.

Asuka: It's overrated. And it's just for show. She's not my real
mother anyway.

Shinji: Huh!

Asuka: It's not like I hate her or anything. I just feel like... Ah!
Why in the hell am I telling all of this to you?!

Shinji: I'm sorry.

Asuka: Ha! I've really hit rock bottom, when I get sympathy from a
loser like you!



Maya: Synchrograph, minus 12.8. It's barely over the starting
indicator.

Ritsuko: That's pathetic. That's a worse score than yesterday.

Misato: Asuka's not feeling well today. It's her period.

Ritsuko: Sync-ratio's aren't influenced by physical changes. The
problem's deeper in her sub-conscience.

Ritsuko (thinking): It looks like we may have to replace Unit Two's
pilot.

Ritsuko: Asuka, you're finished now.



Announcement: Maintenance of Power grid 8, will begin this evening at
18:00 hours.

Ritsuko: You know, Asuka's pride has been badly damaged.

Misato: It's hard to blame her, after she was defeated so badly. But
what's worst, is that she feels like she was beaten by Shinji.
Maybe it's time the three of us, stopped living together.

Ritsuko: So, you've hit your limit? Your nice synthetic family's
falling apart?

Misato: I don't have to take that from someone who tries to fill the
holes in her own empty life with a bunch of cats.

Ritsuko: Hm!

Misato: Ah, I'm sorry. I'm just upset.



Asuka: Why do I have to suffer through this just because I'm a girl?
It's not like I wanta have children anyway!



Announcement: The route 7 loop is currently closed due to an accident.
Please use route 12 as a detour.

Asuka: Huh! Hmm.



Rei: If you don't open your mind to her, your Eva will not move.

Asuka: You saying this is my fault? I'm blocking myself?

Rei: Yes. Eva has it's own mind.

Asuka: It's just a big toy.

Rei: Then you don't know.

Asuka: Ha! Now I know something's up when Wondergirl starts talking
to me. What's up? Are you happy that I'm having trouble with
my Eva now? Well don't worry, 'cos when the next Angel comes
our invincible Shinji will ride up and destroy it. We little
girls won't have to fight anymore. They only need that
pathetic Shinji. I thought it was bad when Shinji was nice.
But when an emotionless wind up doll like you starts being
sympathetic, I'm doomed.

Rei: I am not a doll.

Asuka: You are! You do anything you're ordered to, don't you? You'll
kill yourself if your Commander told you to, wouldn't you?

Rei: Of course.

Asuka: Ahh. Haa!

Asuka: Then you are a robot, just like I thought! You're an
unthinking, emotionless puppet and I hate you! I hate you! I
hate everyone!

Asuka: mm, hmf!



Kensuke: Man, it looks like Shinji didn't show up again today. Rei
misses class all the time, but...

Hikari: Asuka's gone, too. And Suzuhara's still in the hospital.

Kensuke: The situation must be really bad, they're all gone.



Staff: Eva Unit Two's signal is all nominal.

Staff: Connection and Fusion of VA is within normal limits. The field
of proliferation is within the expected range.

Asuka: You're my doll. And you're suppose to do whatever I tell you
to without arguing, do you understand? Why does a weapon need
a mind anyway? It just causes more trouble. Anyway, you've got
to obey all of my orders, do you hear? Oh, this is stupid...
Huh?

Aoba: All personnel, go to first stage alert. Prepare for aerial
assault.

Asuka: An Angel! Another one?



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :22

At Least, Be Humane



Aoba: We have visual confirmation on the Angel. Maximum
magnification.

Hyuga: It's orbit is just outside our defense envelope.

Aoba: And it's maintaining a constant distance from us.

Misato: So, does that mean it's looking for a nice comfy place to
land, or that it's going to destroy us from way up there?

Hyuga: We can't attack it from this distance.

Misato: Yeah and unless it decides to come into our range, there's not
much we can do offensively. The Evas weren't designed to
combat an enemy that's still in orbit. How's Rei?

Maya: Rei and Unit Zero are both ready and waiting.

Misato: Understood. Roll out Unit Zero! Equip it for long range
firing.

Misato: Asuka, be ready to back her up in Unit Two.

Asuka: Back her up? You want me to backup Unit Zero?

Misato: That's right. Take the rear guard position.

Asuka: You can't be serious! Eva Unit Two, launch now.

Ritsuko: Asuka!

Misato: It's Ok. Let her take the point, if that's what she wants.

Hyuga: Are you sure, Major?

Ritsuko: If she screws this up, she won't be allowed to pilot anymore.

Maya: You mean this is her last chance?

Ritsuko: Start preparing her replacement, just to be safe.

Maya: Right.

Hyuga: Excuse me, aren't we going to use Unit One?

Misato: Unit One stays in cryo-stasis those are Commander Ikari's
orders.

Misato (thinking): And after what's happened, we'd better accept that.



Asuka: If I fail this time, they won't let me pilot anymore. You can
do it Asuka, you must.



Aoba: The target is still out of range.

Asuka: Damn, why are you so slow? Come and fight, Angel!

Asuka: Huh!

(BGM : &quot;Hallelujah Chorus &quot; from Handel's &quot;Messiah&quot;)



Misato: The Enemy has a particle beam weapon?

Aoba: No, no thermal emissions detected.

Maya: Abnormal reading in Asuka's Psychograph. Mental contamination
imminent.

Ritsuko: It's attacking across her ego-borderline. The Angels
understand our psychology, that well?

Asuka: Damn you!

Staff: Positron beam dissipating.

Aoba: It's not working. It's too far out of range.

Asuka: Ahh... Ahhghh...

Aoba: Damn, her rifle is out of ammunition.

Misato: What's that beam made of?

Hyuga: It's some kind of energy oscillation, using a visible wave
length. It's similar to an AT-Field.

Ritsuko: How's Asuka?

Maya: The mental contamination is crossing her ego-borderline.



Asuka: No! Don't, don't come into me!

Strangled

Asuka: Ah!

Hatred

Asuka: Ah!

Menstruation

Asuka: Aaah!

Shame

Asuka: Aaah!

Double Suicide

Asuka: Aaah!

Invader

Asuka: Aaah!

Comfortable

Asuka: Aaah!

Asuka: Get out of my mind!

Asuka: Please God, it's invading my mind!



Misato: Asuka!

Maya: Psychograph critical.

Ritsuko: We've got to get Asuka out of there immediately. Her mind is
going to be permanently damaged.

Misato: Asuka, retreat!

Asuka: No!

Misato: That was an order! Asuka, I'm ordering you to retreat!

Asuka: No, never! I'd rather die than admit defeat now!

Misato: Asuka!

Staff: Accelerator, synchronisation initiated.

Staff: Voltage is increasing. Approaching pressure zone.

Staff: Compulsory Focus convergence, activated!

Staff: Compensation for the Earth's rotation and gravity, 0.03.

Staff: Pressure in the chamber is at maximum.

Hyuga: Release the final safety lock. All personnel, prepare for
firing!

Rei: Ah!

Aoba: It's no go. There wasn't enough energy to penetrate it's
AT-Field. It's to far for out weapons.

Hyuga: But we're at maximum power output. We can't get any more
power.

Maya: Unit Two's Psychograph is getting weaker.

Ritsuko: What's the status on the LCL mind barriers?

Maya: Negative. We can't even hope for a buffering effect.

Ritsuko: Switch to life support only. Don't let it feedback into her.

Maya: I'll try.

Ritsuko (thinking): Somehow, that ray seems to scan and adapt to
Asuka's mental wave length. Are the Angels trying to analyse
what's inside a human mind?



Child-Asuka: Wu-ahhn........

Asuka: Why am I crying? I swore that I wouldn't cry anymore.

Asuka's father: What's wrong, Asuka? This was a present from your new
mother. Don't you like it?

Child-Asuka: No.

Asuka's Father: No, but why not?

Asuka: Because I'm not a child. I grew up faster than other people. I
didn't need a stupid stuffed toy.

#Following are the words which were written in the scenes.

Pain
Stepmother
Pain
Insanity
Pain
Pain

No
Death

No
Death
No

No

Death

No
Death
No

Death

No

No
Death

No

Little Asuka: Please look at me. I'm begging you mama. Don't stop
being my mother.

Kyoko: Asuka.

Little Asuka: Mama!

Kyoko: Come to heaven with me.

Little Asuka: Mama No! Please! Please, don't kill me! No! I'm not
Mama's doll. I'll think for myself and I'll live for myself.

Asuka: No! Don't make me remember that! I wanted to forget those
things, don't uncover them! I don't want those terrible
memories anymore! Stop this, please stop it--

Asuka: --now! My mind, is being eaten away. Kaji, it's unraveling my
mind. What will I do? It's defiling my mind!



Staff: Unit Two, has ceased activation.

Staff: Life support system crashed.

Maya: Pilot's mind entering danger zone!

Aoba: Position constant. The target hasn't moved yet.

Hyuga: The possibility of the target coming into Unit Zero's range is
0.02%.

Misato: Could we airlift Unit Zero and try an airborne attack? No,
that wouldn't work. If the Angel attacked we'd be defenseless.

Shinji: Misato, let me go out in Unit One.

Fuyutsuki: Forget it. This Angels ability to attack the pilots mind
it's too dangerous.

Ikari: Yes. We cannot allow Unit One to be touched by an Angel.

Shinji: But that can happen as long as I'm not defeated.

Ikari: There is no guarantee of that.

Shinji: If we don't do something Asuka will die.

Ikari: That is true. Rei, go to Dogma and get the Lance.

Fuyutsuki: Use the Lance of Longinus? You can't do that Ikari.

Ikari: There is no other way to destroy a target that remains in
orbit, beyond the reach of our AT-Fields. Proceed.

Misato: But I thought that if Adam and Eva were to come into contact,
it would cause the Third Impact. We can't take that chance
Commander, it's much too dangerous!

Misato (thinking): So that story was another lie. But if contact with
an Angel didn't cause Second Impact, then what did?

Staff: Opening Central Dogma barriers 10 through 15. Unit Zero has
passed the 6th Malvoisie. Now opening barriers 16 through 20.

Misato (thinking): If something like this won't cause Third Impact.
Then, what really happened to cause Second Impact?

Fuyutsuki: Ikari, it's too early to use the Lance.

Ikari: The Committee has already started to mass produce Evas. This
is our chance, Fuyutsuki.

Fuyutsuki: Our chance? But...

Ikari: We cannot make time run backwards. But we can spur it's course
forward with our own hands.

Fuyutsuki: The old men won't allow this Ikari.

Ikari: Therefore, we must finish this before Seele has time to act.
After all, it is not acceptable to lose Unit Two at this time.

Fuyutsuki: But, you just can't use the Lance of Longinus without
getting Seele's approval first. You're asking for trouble.

Ikari: The need is the justification. There are no other factors to
consider.

Fuyutsuki: The need? You've just been looking for a convenient excuse
haven't you?

Hyuga: Pilot's EEG (Electroencephalograph) dropping to 0.06.

Maya: We're passed the limits of the Life Support System.

Aoba: Unit Zero is passing through vent 2. She'll be coming in over
the surface.

Misato: So that's the Lance of Longinus.

Aoba: Unit Zero is in position to throw.

Hyuga: Target sighted. Error corrections have been made.

Staff: Starting countdown. Ten second 'til zero. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2,
1, 0.

Aoba: Target annihilated.

Maya: Eva Unit Two has been released.

Fuyutsuki: I need a status update on the Lance?

Hyuga: It reached escape velocity. It's now moving into a lunar
orbit, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: So it's almost impossible to recover now?

Hyuga: Right. There are no methods available for recovering an object
of that much mass.



Maya: Unit Two's Psychograph is returning to normal.

Aoba: Return the body to the second cage.

Staff: Returning body via access path 67.

Misato: What's Asuka's status?

Hyuga: We've confirmed that the pilot is alive. We put her in
Quarantine because of the contamination.

Misato: Yeah...



Shinji: Hey, I'm glad you're Ok, Asuka.

Asuka: Shut up! Who in the hell is Ok? How can it get any worse?
That little bitch! That little bitch Rei rescued me! Don't you
know that I'd rather have died. I hate her! I hate you Shinji,
I hate everything!



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Unit Zero becomes ensnared in an angelic trap. As the Angel's
corrosive essence eats into the Evas core, Rei makes the
ultimate sacrifice. In a wave of heat and light she becomes no
more. It's the next episode: Tears.
  