
  *Unit One roars.

Misato: It's eating the Angel...

Ritsuko: Those bindings allowed us to control it. But now the Eva is
removing the web that binds it to our will. The beast inside
the Eva is free at last.

Kaji: Unit One's awakened and then set free. Seele sure won't stay
quiet about this, will they?



Member(red): This is insane. The Eva series aren't capable of
generating S2 organs themselves.

Member(blue): But we never imagined that one would be able, to take
one into itself this way.

Member(yellow): This incident, is at extreme odds with the scenario
we created.

Member(green): Gendo Ikari, it was a mistake to entrust Nerv to him,
wasn't it?

Lorenz: Hmm. But he was the only one, who could achieve this project's
goals. Ikari, what's going on in your mind?



Fuyutsuki: It's begun at last.

Ikari: Indeed, this is the beginning.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :20

Form Of The Mind, Form Of The Man



THE FIRST DAY

Maya: The damage the Eva incurred is beyond the Henflick limit.

Ritsuko: Yes, it may be a while before we can restore everything to
normal.

Maya: Fortunately, the Magi system can be transferred to a new
location. We may be able to begin working as early as
tomorrow.

Ritsuko: This place isn't going to be viable anymore.

Aoba: It's just a matter of time before they decide to abandon it.

Ritsuko: Hmm, most likely. But for the time being, we'll have to use
the Secondary Control Center.

Maya: Without the Magi?

Ritsuko: Yes. We'll clean the dust off and be back in business by this
afternoon.

Maya: But the chairs are too cramped down there and the sensors
don't operate smoothly. It's difficult to work there.

Aoba: Well, at least the layout is the same as our original Control
Center.

Maya: It just feels like we don't belong.

Ritsuko: At least we have an alternative. We have no choice when it
comes to using Unit One.



Misato: It may be restrained by the cage, but are you sure it's safe?

Hyuga: Well, no heat emissions, free electrons, electromagnetic
fields, or chemical reactions and the S2 unit's completely
inactive.

Misato: Nevertheless, on three separate occasions Unit One has moved
without power.

Misato: You can't judge this situation, by just the things you can
see.

Hyuga: Ah-ha, we sure can't take any chances, that's a fact. It's as
unpredictable as you are Major... Ahh, sorry.



Lorenz: However, our concerns are not limited to Unit One.

Member(yellow): Correct. Serious damage was sustained by Unit's Zero
and Two. Headquarters was partially destroyed, exposing
Central Dogma.

Member(red): We can't even estimate how much money and time had been
lost.

Member(blue): This was because we didn't put a bell around Ikari's
neck.

Member(yellow): A bell was there but it didn't ring.

Lorenz: A bell that doesn't ring has no purpose. We'll make sure the
bell works next time.



Kaji: My my! What a completely unexpected situation. How will you
explain this to the Committee, I mean, to Seele?

Fuyutsuki: There isn't anything to explain. Unit One wasn't under our
control. This was an accident.

Ikari: Thus Unit One will remain frozen, until the Committee gives us
further orders.

Fuyutsuki: Exactly.

Kaji: That is a very appropriate decision. However, isn't your son
still trapped inside it.



Maya: I knew this was hopeless. It's not accepting the eject code.

Ritsuko: What about the backup codes?

Maya: Also refused. Even a direct circuit isn't getting through.

Hyuga: But the plugs video monitors still active. I'm channeling it
to the main screen.

All: Aahh!

Misato: What in the hell is this?

Ritsuko: This is the true behind a 400% sync-ratio.

Misato: I can't believe it! What happened to Shinji?!

Ritsuko: He's been taken into Eva Unit One.

Misato: Taken into it? What in the hell is an Eva?!

Ritsuko: It's a thing created by man in man's own image. I really
can't describe it any other way.

Misato: Created by man? You didn't create anything, you just copied
something you found in the Antarctic. What was the original?
That's what I wanta know.

Ritsuko: This is not just a copy. A human will is inside it.

Misato: Are you saying somebody willed this to happen?!

Ritsuko: Yes, the Eva did.

Misato: Do something, damn it! You created this, didn't you?! Take
responsibility for what you've done!



THE SECOND DAY

Radio: ... as for the problem of...

Rei: I'm still alive...



Asuka: I know that Wondergirl's still alive! Don't bother me with
trivial crap like that, Misato!

Asuka: I can't believe it. I couldn't do anything. I can't believe that
stupid Shinji out performed me. I can't stand it.



THE THIRD DAY

Misato: What'er you mean your going to salvage Shinji?

Ritsuko: Well, theoretically Shinji's life force still exists in
there.

Misato: Ha! And will you be respecting that life this time?

Ritsuko: Losing Shinji is out of the question now.

Misato: Oh, I don't know. What Nerv wants is Unit One as their tool
not Shinji.

Ritsuko: I don't deny it.

Maya: Our assumption, is that Shinji's body lost it's ego border and
that he's now floating in the entry plug, in quantum form.

Misato: You're saying that Shinji has shifted into a form we can't
see?

Maya: Yes. The LCL has chemically altered him to something very
similar to the sea water of primitive earth.

Ritsuko: In fact it's almost identical to the primordial soup we've
duplicated in laboratories.

Misato: Primordial soup...

Ritsuko: Yes. All of the substances which compose Shinji are still
preserved in the plug and his soul exists there as well. In
fact his ego image is giving a sort of substance to his plug
suit.

Maya: In other words, the salvage operation must both reconstruct
his body and return his soul into it.

Misato: Is that possible?

Ritsuko: Possible. With the Magi's support, yes it is.

Misato: This is all theoretical stuff you're talking about, isn't it?
You won't know what will really happen until you do it.



THE FOURTH DAY

Shinji: What is this? Where am I? Entry plug of Unit One? But, there's
nobody here. Not even myself. What is this? What is this? What
is this? I don't understand. These people. Yes, they're people
I know, people who know me. I understand now. This is my
world. What is this? This is suppose to be my world, but this
I don't understand. An image from outside. A hostile image.
That's right the enemy. Enemy, enemy, enemy, enemy. Our
enemies are something called Angels, they have the names of
Angels too. They are the targets of Eva and Nerv. This is our
revenge for the death of Misato's father. But why do I fight?
Why do I do this despite all the pain and suffering?

Asuka (flashback): What are you stupid? An unknown enemy is attacking
us, of course we have to fight them. Who cares what they
think.

Shinji: Am I odd to try to find a reason to fight? Am I not suppose
to think about it? Enemy, enemy, enemy, enemy, enemy, all are
my enemies. That which threatens us, is the enemy. Of course,
how could I be faulted for protecting my own life and those of
others. Enemy, enemy, enemy, enemy, enemy! My enemy! My enemy!
Damn it! Damn it! God damn it! You hurt Toji and killed my
Mother! Father...!

Rei: Why do you hate your father?

Shinji: Anyone would hate him. He's no father at all.

Rei: You don't understand him, do you?

Shinji: Of course not. In 14 years I've hardly ever even seen him.

Rei: Is that why you hate him?

Shinji: Yes. My father doesn't need me. My father deserted me!

Rei: Am I his substitute?

Shinji: Yes! That's got to be it! He abandoned me because he already
had Ayanami.

Child-Rei: As if you didn't already run away yourself.

Shinji: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! It's all his fault! That time I was
actually going to tell him I hate him!

Shinji: Did you make me become a pilot just to make me suffer?

Ikari: Correct.

Shinji: How can you say that?! Why do you have to be so cold?! It's
not fair, you didn't even need me, did you?

Ikari: I called you because I had a use for you.

Shinji: But why, why is it me?

Ikari: Because there is no one else who can do it.

Shinji: No way. Why haven't I ever seen this before? It's not fair!
It's not possible!

Shinji: Correct. Yet I know this to be true.

Shinji: That's right. I already knew Eva! I already knew Eva and then
I ran away, leaving my father and mother behind.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :20

Form Of The Mind, Form Of The Man



THE THIRTIETH DAY

Staff: Current concentration of LCL stable, at 36. Oxygen
concentration is nominal.

Staff: Electromagnetic radiation pulse is normal. Wave pattern is
zero.

Staff: All counters are functioning normally.



Maya: Salvage operation guidelines. It's incredible that you were
able to come up with all this in just one month.

Ritsuko: Thanks for the credit, but this isn't all my work. The
majority of this data is from 10 years ago.

Maya: What data from 10 years ago? Has this happened before?

Ritsuko: Yes. But it was before I started working here. It was during
my mother's time. But I can still pick her brains.

Maya: Then, how did it come out 10 years ago?

Ritsuko: They didn't succeed.



THE THIRTY-FIRST DAY

Shinji: Kindness. Warmth. Is this warmth a part of being human? I was
never aware of it until now.

Rei: What is loneliness?

Shinji: I was never aware of it before. But now I think I know what it
is.

Rei: And what is happiness?

Shinji: I didn't know what it was. But now I think I understand.

Rei: Are others kind to you, do you know?

Shinji: They are.

Rei: And why?

Shinji: Because, because I pilot an Eva. That's, that's why they treat
so well. That's the reason I keep going on. It's the
justification for my continuing existence, who and why I am.
That's why I have to pilot the Eva.

Rei: Which means?

Shinji: To fight. I have to fight the one's that they call our enemy.

Rei: And that means?

Shinji: That I have to win. That's right, I can't lose. I must be the
pilot. I must do what they tell me to do and I've got to win,
just like they tell me to. Otherwise I'm, nobody, nobody,
nobody.

Misato(phone): Work hard!

Ritsuko(phone): Work hard, Shinji!

Asuka(phone): Get to work, you stupid idiot!

Toji(phone): Yeah, work hard!

Kensuke(phone): You've gotta work hard!

Ikari(phone): Good job, Shinji.

Shinji: Misato, Ritsuko, Asuka, Toji, Kensuke, Father, they all
respect me. They respect me when I pilot the Eva. They all
respect me. They respect this totally worthless being. They
all tell me pilot it so I'll, I'll prove to my father that I'm
worth something.

Misato: Work hard, Shinji.

Shinji: But I am working hard. I am. Somebody please, somebody be nice
to me. I've fought so much. I'm doing the best I can. Can't
you treat me better? Can't you be nice to me? Why can't you be
nice to me...?!

Rei: I'm nice to you.

Misato: Tell me Shinji. Do you want to become one with me? To be of
one mind and body? It could be very very nice. Ask me anytime,
I'm ready.

Asuka: Hey Shinji, idiot. Don't you want to be one with me? To be of
one mind and body? It would be really awesome. You oughta'
appreciate your good fortune, come on.

Rei: Ikari. Do you want to become one with me? To be of one mind
and body? It could be very pleasant. Shinji.

Misato: Do you want to become one with me?

Asuka: To be of one mind and body and soul?

Misato & Asuka & Rei: It could be very pleasant. Relax and release
your soul.



Staff: All of the probes have been inserted.

Staff: Electromagnetic radius is fixed at 0 -3.

Maya: Ego-border pulse connection is complete.

Ritsuko: Roger. Start the salvage operation.

Hyuga: Initiating program. Transmitting first signal.

Aoba: Signal received, no rejection.

Maya: Proceed to send the second and third signals.

Staff: Subjects catharsis, is normal.

Staff: Destrudo cannot be confirmed.

#Wadakun: 'Destrude' isn't true

Ritsuko: Affirmative. Shift the subject to stage 2.

Misato: Come on, Shinji.



Shinji: Uh.

Asuka: Stupid Shinji!

Shinji: Uh.

Ritsuko: Shinji Ikari.

Shinji: Uh.

Toji: Hey, Shinji.

Shinji: Uh.

Kensuke: Yo, Shinji.

Shinji: Uh.

Rei: Ikari.

Misato: Shinji.

Toji: Hey, Shinji.

Rei: Ikari.

Kensuke: Yo, Shinji.

Rei: Ikari.

Toji: Hey, Shinji.



Maya: It's no good! His ego borderline is frozen into a fixed loop.

Ritsuko: Try to irradiate the wave patterns from all directions!

Ritsuko: My God! All of the radiated signals are being dropped in
Klein space.

Misato: What does that mean?

Ritsuko: It means... we failed.

Misato: Huh?

Ritsuko: Abort intervention! Reverse the tangent graph! Set the
addition value at zero!

Maya: Right!

Aoba: Destrude reaction in the Q area. Pattern is sepia.

Hyuga: I've got a change in the core pulse too! Plus 03 confirmed!

Staff: The water temperature is rising. 36, 38, 41, 58, 76, 97,
106...

Ritsuko: Maintaining current condition has priority! Stop that
back-flow!

Maya: Right. Plus 0.5, 0.8. This is all wrong! I can't stop it!

Staff: The internal pressures overloading. It's over the predicted
value. It's going into the danger zone.

Ritsuko: What's going on?! Don't you wanta come back? Why Shinji?



Shinji: I don't know. I don't understand myself. I, what do I want?

Misato: What do you want?

Asuka: What do you want?

Rei: What do you want?

Yui: What do you want, Shinji?



Maya: The Eva, it's rejecting the signal.

Aoba: Shinji's ego formation in disintegrating in the LCL.

Hyuga: Pressure in the plug is increasing.

Ritsuko: Abort all operations. Power down.

Maya: It's not working. The plug is being ejected.

Misato: Shinji!



Shinji: Ah!

Shinji: Where am I?

Shinji': Inside the Eva.

Shinji: Inside the Eva? Did I pilot the Eva again? But why?

Misato: You won't pilot the Eva any more?

Shinji: I decided that I would never pilot Eva again?

Misato: But you have just piloted Evangelion Unit One.

Shinji: Ah!

Misato: Shinji, you are here because you have piloted an Eva. Piloting
the Eva has created your present. You can never deny your
passion, nor can you deny the fact that you did indeed pilot
it once more. That which is, is. It's true, I just wanted to
tell you that only you can decide, it's your future, only you
can decide, Shinji. You must make a choice.

Shinji: I, I...



Misato: (wailing) What good is your God damn science? It can't even
save one small life. Give me back my Shinji. Give him back!...



Shinji: That scent. A human smell. Misato? Ayanami? No, not them.
That's right, this is the smell of my mother.

Ikari: The Second Impact has occurred, must he live in this hell.

Yui: Anywhere can be heaven, as long as you try to live. And
because he's alive, for as long as he lives he will have a
chance to obtain happiness.

Ikari: Of course. Your right.

Shinji: Mother.

Yui: Have you decided yet?

Ikari: If it's a boy Shinji, if it's a girl I'll name the baby Rei.

Yui: Shinji, Rei, good names.

Shinji: Mother.



Misato: (wailing) Shinji? Shinji!



THE THIRTY-THIRD DAY

Ritsuko: Well, Unit One's restoration oughta' be finished by the day
after tomorrow.

Misato: So even when their given divine power, human beings still
treat it as a matter of fact.

Ritsuko: I can hardly agree with that. Speaking of which, the
Committee is looking at freezing the Evas.

Misato: The Evangelion Androids. They may be man made, but who knows
what lurks inside that black box.

Ritsuko: Ah-ha.

Misato: I'm just glad that Shinji's life was saved.

Ritsuko: No thanks to me. Credit probably goes to you. Hey, you wanta
go bar hopping tonight?

Misato: Sorry. I've gotta go somewhere.

Ritsuko: Hm.

Misato: See-ya.

Ritsuko: Shinji's just been saved and she's already running to her
lover. Well, I guess I can't blame her.



Misato: Hmm, Ritsuko must be thinking I'm pretty disgusting.

Kaji: Appearing to give in to our sexual deSires makes for a more
realistic appearance, a good deception.

Misato: To deceive the intelligence department? Or the Commander and
Ritsuko? Or me?

Kaji: No, no. I meant myself.

Misato: You wanta fool, the others? You never show interest in others,
but you want their attention. You're really are just like my
dad.

Kaji: I didn't know you still smoked.

Misato: I only smoke after this sort of thing. So, nobody knows but
you. Here's smoke in your eyes.

Kaji: Really, I'm honored.

Misato: And how's Instrumentality going? Adam could wipe out mankind,
why is he being kept there?

Kaji: Did you come to see me just to learn that?

Misato: Yeah, well actually that's one of the reasons.

Kaji: It would be my honour to be used as my lady's cats-paw. But I,
I can't.

Misato: I just want you to know what I want. What are Nerv and
Commander Ikari really planning?

Kaji: I'd like to know that myself.

Misato: Hey, you can't dodge my questions by doing that. Ah, no, don't
put strange things in there. What are you doing? I can't
believe this. What?... What, what is this?

Kaji: This is for you. The first time in eight years. And maybe the
last as well.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Vice-commander Fuyutsuki has been abducted by Seele. It's a
stirring mind warp, as the memories are pulled from his mind.
Encounters, separation and lonely deaths. It's the beginning
of everything, starting in Kyoto in the year 1999. It's: The
Birth of Nerv.
  