
  *In the street. Children's voices are heard from somewhere.

Child: Hey cool, I just won a free ice cream bar!

*Aoba buys a drink can at a vending machine.
*"Coin Cleaning - Open 24 hours"

*Maya and Ritsuko are in the shop.

Cleaning Machine: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Ritsuko: The cost of having my laundry done is killing me.

Maya: Yeah I know, I just wish I had the spare time to do my laundry
for myself.

Aoba: Could be worse, at least we sleep at home.



*A subway ticket gate

*A train is coming to the station

*Fuyutsuki reads a newspaper

*Ritsuko, Aoba and Maya

Ritsuko: Oh, Commander Fuyutsuki.

Ritsuko: Good morning, Sir.

Aoba & Maya: Good morning, Sir!

Fuyutsuki: Good morning.

Ritsuko: Well, you're up early today, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: I've got to represent Commander Ikari, uptown.

Ritsuko: Ah, today's the city council meeting, isn't it?

Fuyutsuki: An exercise in annui. Ikari always sticks me with the most
boring and tedious assignments, I couldn't handle it without the Magi's help.

Ritsuko: Speaking of which, election day is coming up, isn't it?

Fuyutsuki: Yes but, the council really has no authority anyway.
Actually, the Magi run just about everything.

Maya: Really? You mean the same three super computers we use?

Fuyutsuki: Yes. Our government is run by the majority decision of
three different computers. I suppose it's a sort of a, form of
democracy.

Maya: And the council members, just go along with their decisions?

Fuyutsuki: Well, it's been an effective form of government thus far.

Maya: This city really is built on science. We're so lucky to be
living in such a wonderful time.

Aoba: Ah, techo-files.

Fuyutsuki: You're running an experiment with Unit Zero this morning,
aren't you?

Ritsuko: Yes. We're going to be performing the second prolonged Eva
activation test at 10:30.

Fuyutsuki: Ah, I'll expect good news.



*The panel shows "Emergency"

*Ritsuko at the laboratory for the experiment

Ritsuko: Abort the test. Break the circuits.

*Eva-00 in the cage

Maya: Cutting circuits.

Staff: Power supply, restored.

Ritsuko: It seems that one's the problem, again.

Maya: Yes. It looks like the conversion efficiency is 0.8% lower
than our calculations.

Staff: The conversion is barely within tolerance though, what'll we
we do?

Ritsuko: Let's try it again using the same configuration, but lower
the reciprocal conversion rate by 0.01. Alright, let's start
the experiment over again.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :11

In The Still Darkness



*Misato in the elevator

*Kaji is running to the elevator

Kaji: Hey! Hold the elevator!

*Misato push the button to close the door

Kaji: Ah, got it!

Misato: rr..!

*Misato and Kaji in the elevator

Kaji: Man, it's been a while since I ran that hard. So, what's with
the black expression, sunshine?

Misato: It's nausea, from having to see you.



*Shinji at a payphone

Telephone: Yes. Hold one minute, please.

Ikari: What?

Shinji: Er... Err... Well, father...

Ikari: What is it? Hurry up!

Shinji: Err, I'm suppose... to tell my parent that an interview for
advanced vocational education, is going to be held at school.

Ikari: I've delegated all of that to Katsuragi. Don't bother me with
such nonsense anymore. Don't pass phone calls like that on to
me...

Shinji: Ah.



*Elevator suddenly stops

Misato: Huh?

Kaji: The power's out?

Misato: No, it can't be, it's not possible

*Blackout

Misato: Something's wrong. An accident?

Kaji: Perhaps Dr. Akagi made a mistake, huh?



*In the laboratory

Maya: Main power supply has shutdown. Voltage level is zero.

Ritsuko: Ah..., it's not our fault.



*In the elevator

Kaji: Well what do you think?

Misato: The backup supply, should switch back on any second now.



*In the control room

Aoba: No Sir, the backup circuits aren't working either.

Fuyutsuki: That can't be! Which circuits are still functioning?

Staff: Only 1.2% of them. Only 9 circuits from number 2-5-6-7.

Fuyutsuki: Connect all the remaining power circuits, to maintain the
Magi and Central Dogma.

Aoba: But, that could interfere with our life-support systems.

Fuyutsuki: Do it! We need the Magi!



*Hyuga in the town with Misato's laundry

Announcement: Nozomu Takahashi, wants to help you form a more cheerful
government.

Hyuga: Man, that Captain Katsuragi sure is lazy, I mean can't she at
least make the time to go and pickup her own laundry? Huh?



*Shinji, Rei and Asuka on the street

Asuka: Maybe Commander Ikari was just really busy.

Shinji: I don't think so and it wasn't like he hang-up, it sounded
more like the line had failed.

Asuka: Hey are you a man, or what? Why do you let each and every
little incident, get under your skin?



*At the entrance of Nerv Headquarters

*The gate doesn't work

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: What'er you doing?! Here, let me! Huh?. Huh, huh, huh? Stupid
thing! It must be broken, damn it!




*Staff try to open the door by force

Staff: I, 2, 3, heave... Oh...

*Ritsuko and Maya go through the open door



*Ritsuko and Maya walks on the passage.

Ritsuko: We'd better head for the command center. If the backup power
hasn't kicked in yet--



*In the elevator Misato repeatedly pushes a button

Misato: --then something's very wrong.

Kaji: What's the backup system?

Misato: There are three backup circuits, it's impossible for all of
these to fail at once.

Kaji: Then that means--



*Ikari's face in the control room

Ikari: --these circuit breakers didn't go on there own, somebody did
this intentionally.

Fuyutsuki: Well, it would be a disaster if an Angel were to attack
right now.



*Fuchu Overall Headquarters of UN Force

*General Watch & Control Room

Staff: Radar has detected an unidentified object. Projected landing
point is in the former Atami region.

Sub Commander B: It must be Angel number eight (nine).

Sub Commander A: Yeah. An Angel.

Commander C: What'll we do?

Cmdr-in-Chief: I guess the standard procedure is to go full alert
status.

Sub Commander A: It looks like this one's heading straight for Tokyo-3
and Nerv.

Sub Commander B: Looks like it. Well, there's nothing we can do.



*Angel is coming in a lake



*In the Fuchu UN Headquarters

Staff: It's still advancing.

Sub Commander B: Any word yet from Tokyo-3?

Staff: They're still not responding to our transmissions.

Sub Commander A: What in the hell are those Nerv guys doing?



*Ritsuko and Maya climb up the wall

Ritsuko: I never thought I'd actually have to use one of these escape
tubes, I figured they were just holdovers that we held onto
just for our peace of mind.

Maya: Well, being prepared is half the battle.



*Asuka, Shinji and Rei try to push buttons to open the doors

Asuka: Hmm... This one doesn't work, either.

Rei: None of the facilities work. This is odd.

Asuka: Has something happened in the Geo-front?

Rei: A natural assumption.

Shinji: Well, let's try to contact Nerv Headquarters.



*In the elevator

Misato: Oh. The emergency phone isn't working either.



*In the control room

Aoba: There's no answer on line 77, none of them work.



*Rei and Asuka try to call

Rei: No, it's disconnected.

Asuka: This one too. The main emergency cables are all down.

Shinji: So what now?

Asuka: Ah. Nn, nn...

Shinji: What are you looking for?

Asuka: What do you think, stupid?! I'm looking for my emergency
manual!

Rei: We should go to Nerv Headquarters, ourselves.

Asuka: That's right! But before that, we're going to have to decide
which of us will be this groups leader.

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: Naturally, I have the best qualifications. Any objections?
Well let's go!

Rei: Nerv is over this way. We can use the access port for
Route-07.

Asuka: Ah!

*Door R-07

Shinji: But the doors don't work. Oh, we can open it manually.

Asuka: Well, there you go Shinji, this is your department.

Shinji: Ah...! Your the one who wants to, be in charge but, whenever
the going gets tough, you always defer to me...



*At the Fuchu UN Headquarters

Sub Commander A: Ah, that damn Council always defers to us when the
going gets tough.

Cmdr-in-Chief: Well, what did they say?

Sub Commander A: Ha, those Tokyo-2 buttheads, they're getting ready to
flee of course.



*Angel is coming in the mountain

Staff: The Angel is still advancing.



*At the Fuchu UN Headquarters

Cmdr-in-Chief: In any case, we've got to try and make contact with
Nerv.

Sub Commander B: But how are we gonna do that?

Sub Commander A: We fly there ourselves.



*A plane is flying

Announcement: This is the Third District JASDF (Japan Air Self-Defense
Force). An unidentified object is moving towards this area.
All residences must evacuate, to their designated shelters.

*Hyuga on a train line

Hyuga: Oh, boy. I gotta report this to Headquarters! But how? Oh,
man!

*A car is coming

Announcement: Hey, vote for Takahashi. He's the candidate who remains
calm, even in situations like this.

Hyuga: Ah, all right!



*In the elevator

Misato: Ah, I'm dying, it's too hot in here.

Kaji: The air conditioners are down too. If you're so hot Katsuragi,
why don't you take off your shirt?

Misato: Eh?

Kaji: There's no reason for you to be shy, you know?

*Misato puts on her jacket

Misato: Don't even think about trying to take advantage, of this
situation.

Kaji: Yeah, right.



*Ritsuko and Maya use fans in the control room

Ritsuko: It's getting even warmer now that the air is getting
stagnant. It's hard to believe this base, has the world's most
advanced technology.

Maya: Yeah, but look at the Commanders, even in this heat, they're
both still cool and in command.

*Ikari has his legs in a bucket of water

Fuyutsuki: It's hot.

Ikari: Yes.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :11

In The Still Darkness



*A car is driving

Announcement: Emergency vehicle passing through, emergency vehicle
passing through--Hey, watch where your diving--Emergency
vehicle passing through--Oh my God it's a dead end! Stop!

Hyuga: It's Ok, ram the sucker!

Announcer: Eh?!

Hyuga: This is an emergency, the hell with the barrier!



*Geo-front

Fuyutsuki: This Geo-front was designed to be a self-sufficient colony,
it's supposed to be able to operate even when completely
isolated from the outside. It's impossible, for all the power
sources to have broken down.

Ritsuko: Someone caused this?

Ikari: It would be a logical way to indirectly dissect this facility.

*In the control room

Ritsuko: You mean that they could figure out Nerv's layout, by the
restoration process.

Fuyutsuki: They are clever bastards.

Ritsuko: I could run a dummy program through the Magi, that would make
it more difficult to get a complete grasp of our structure.

Ikari: Make it so.

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: I can't believe, that the first havoc, wrecked upon our
Headquarters, was caused by another member of our own species.

Ikari: Mankind's greatest enemy, is man himself.



*Shinji, Rei and Asuka walk in the dark

Shinji: This usually only takes two minutes. Are you sure this is the
right way?

Asuka: Of course I'm sure! We'll be at the Geo-front any minute now.

Shinji: Ah-haven't I heard that four times already?

Asuka: Ah, gees! Why do you have to nit-pick everything?! You're
always so negative.

Shinji: Me..?!

Rei: Silence please.

Asuka: Oh, what now Wondergirl!

Rei: Listen.

Asuka & Shinji: Er?!

Hyuga: Attention all Nerv personnel, attention all Nerv personnel,
there is an Angel approaching, attention all Nerv personnel...

*A light is coming

Shinji & Asuka: That's Hyuga!

Shinji: Hey Hyuga!

Asuka: Down here, Hyuga!

Hyuga: There's an Angel approaching, an Angel is approaching!

Shinji & Asuka: A new Angel!

Rei: We can't waste anymore time, there's a shortcut.

Asuka: Hey, don't forget that I'm the leader here! So, where is this
shortcut.

*Asuka, Shinji and Rei crawl through a duct

Asuka: This way may be quick! But we look really stupid!

Shinji: Hey, just what are the Angels?

Asuka: Huh, why are you asking now?

Shinji: Oh, I don't know. It just doesn't make sense. Angels are
messengers from God, right? Well, why are we fighting Angels?

Asuka: What are you stupid? They attacked us. When someone's
attacking you, you can't just sit there and do nothing right?

*Shinji, Rei and Asuka stands in front of two branches

Asuka: Let's see... To the right!

Rei: I think the correct path is to the left.

Asuka: Stop contradicting me! Shinji, what do you think?

Shinji: Ummm... I'm not certain.

Asuka: Look! I'm the leader, so you can both just shut up and follow
me!

*Shinji, Rei and Asuka go through the passage

Shinji: We're going up again, I thought something was odd here.

Asuka: So why didn't you say something earlier? You're always
nit-picking. Huh? This has got to be the Geo-front this time.

*Asuka open a door with a kick and meets the Angel

Asuka: Ah! Agh! Huh? Well, we'd better hurry, now that I've visually
confirmed the Angel's presence.



*A car is rushing into the control room

Staff: Ah!

Hyuga: There's an Angel approaching! We have to dispatch an Eva
immediately!

Maya: But how?

Ikari: Fuyutsuki, take charge here.

Fuyutsuki: What?

Ikari: I'm going down to the cage, to prepare the Evas for manual
launch.

Fuyutsuki: Manually, can that be done?

Ikari: We have a diesel generator for emergencies.

Fuyutsuki: Well yes but, who is going to pilot them?



*Shinji, Rei and Asuka

Shinji: Oh, not again.

Rei: This way.

Shinji & Asuka: Eh?

Shinji: Ah!

Asuka: You're Commander Ikari's favourite, aren't you? I guess that,
that means you get treated a little different, right?

Shinji: Asuka, this isn't the time for this.

Asuka: You're always look so smug, too.

Asuka: Aggh!

Asuka: Hey, just 'cause they like you best, doesn't mean you can act
so superior!

Rei: I don't act superior, and I'm not treated any better, either.
I know that quite well.



*The staff pulls the entry plugs from Evas with ropes at the cage

Staff: Ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...

Staff: Understood. The termination plug has been ejected, Sir.

Ikari: Excellent. Prepare for manual insertion of the entry plug.

Staff: But the pilots aren't here yet.

Ritsuko: Don't worry, they'll be along soon enough.



*Shinji, Rei and Asuka

Shinji: Um, there's no way I can clear this away with my hands.

Rei: Then we will have to break into another ventilation duct, in
order to get there.

Asuka: First Child's feeling aggressive and I'll bet she'd do
anything to stay number one. Some people just think they're
better than others.



*Ikari and the staff pull ropes

Ikari & Staff: Ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...

*Ritsuko and Maya

Maya: Entry plug is fixed and ready.

Ritsuko: Now all we need are the children.



*Shinji, Rei and Asuka crawl through a duct

Asuka: If you dare look up my dress, I'll kill you. Do you hear me,
Shinji?

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: You looked!

Shinji: Uh!

Asuka: Idiot!

Shinji: Uh!

*Ritsuko and Maya in the cage

Asuka: I told you not to look.

Shinji: But I've got to look forward to see where I'm going...

*Shinji and Asuka fall from the duct. Rei jumps down to stand on the
*floor.

Shinji & Asuka: Ahh!

Shinji: Uh!

Asuka: Oh!

Ritsuko: Ah, that's where you've been. We've been waiting for you.

*Ikari at the cage

Ikari: Prepare for manual entry!

Staff: Roger. Lever open the hatches.

*Shinji approaches Ritsuko

Shinji: The Evas?

Ritsuko: They're already on standby.

Shinji: Huh? But there's no power?

Ritsuko: It was all done by hand. The Commander did it.

Shinji: My father.

*Ikari pulls the rope with the staff to open the door of the entry
*plug

Ikari & Staff: Ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...

Ritsuko: Commander Ikari believed in you and prepared everything.

Ikari & Staff: Ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...ghhh...

*Entry plugs are inserted

Maya: Plugs inserted.

Ritsuko: All Units activated using backup power supplies.

*Ikari, Ritsuko and Maya

Ikari: Sever the primary hydraulic locks.

*The staff break pipes with axes

Staff: Ah!

*Hydraulic locks are released

Staff: Hydraulic locks numbers 2 through 32, released.

Maya: Zero pressure.

*Ikari and Ritsuko and Maya

Maya: The Evas are free, Sir.

Ikari: Understood. Remove all of the remaining restraints and
supports! Commence launch!

*Evas remove their bindings

*Hyuga yells through a speaker

Hyuga: The Angel has stopped directly above us.

Ritsuko: Hurry up, get a move on!

Staff: The emergency batteries have been engaged.

Ritsuko: Well. We're ready. Let's move out.



*Evas crawl through a duct

Asuka: Oh, this is pathetic.

Rei: Vertical shaft insight.

*Eva-02 kicks and opens a door to a shaft.

Asuka: Get-out-of-the-way!

*Evas climb up the shaft

Asuka: I can't believe we're doing this, it's so embarrassing! Huh?

Rei: It's acid! Watch out!

Asuka: What? Oh! Ahh...!

*Evas fall down

Shinji: No!

Shinji & Asuka: Ahh...!

*Shinji stops them falling

*Angel puts its acid through the shaft

*Evas escape to a tunnel

Rei: It would appear that the Angel plans to attack Headquarters
directly, using that acid.

Shinji: What'll we do?

Asuka: What'll we do? We're gonna beat it, of course!

Shinji: Ok, but how? We dropped our rifles and the battery packs on
our backs are running out of power. They won't last more than
another three minutes.

Asuka: I've got an idea.

Asuka: There'll be three positions Defense, Offense and Backup.
Defense's job will be to neutralise that Angel's AT-Field and
to protect the Offense from the acid bath. Backup will go down
the shaft, retrieve the rifles and hand one to the Offense,
who will then fire a volley destroying the target. How does
that sound?

Rei: I will take the Defensive position.

Asuka: Sorry Wondergirl, that'll be my job.

Shinji: But it's too dangerous.

Asuka: That's why I'm doing it. And don't forget I still owe you one,
from the last time we fought an Angel. Shinji will be Offense.
Rei will be the Backup. Got it?

Rei: Understood.

Shinji: Uh!

Asuka: Right, here we go! Eva charge!

Asuka: Agggh..!

Shinji: Ayanami! Asuka, get outta the way!

Asuka: I'm clear!

Asuka: Now we're even, Shinji.



*In the elevator Misato is on Kaji's shoulder

Misato: Oh-no! Please open! Please! Oh, why won't it open! Please,
I've got to go to the bathroom, now! Hey, you're not looking up
my dress are you?!

Kaji: No, ma'am.

*Power is restored

Kaji: Huh? Er...!

Misato: Ahh...!

Kaji: Watch out!

*The door opens

Misato: Ahhh...

Kaji: Ohhh...

Ritsuko, Maya and Hyuga: Huh...?

Maya: Sex fiends...



*Shinji, Rei and Asuka lie on a hill

Shinji: It's ironic, without electricity and artificial light, the sky
can look so beautiful at night.

Asuka: Yeah, but without the lights, it seems like there are no
humans here.

*Lights come back on

Asuka: There, I feel much more comfortable this way.

Rei: Man fears the darkness, and so he scrapes away at the edges of
it with fire.

Asuka: Hm. Philosophy, huh?

Shinji: So is that, what makes mankind a special species? Is that why
the Angels attack us?

Asuka: What are you, stupid?! Who knows what they think!



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Misato's achievements have been evaluated and as a result she
is promoted to Major. However, the truth is that her entire
career, is merely the result of her own personal mission, to
exterminate the Angels. When Shinji learns about Misato's
past, he learns that he and she share many similar sentiments
and emotions. Meanwhile, the largest and most dangerous Angel
yet is sighted flying through the stratosphere. Now it's up to
Misato and the Eva team to stop it, even as Nerv evacuates.
It's the next episode: The Value Of A Miracle Is...
  