
  Fuyutsuki: Ashino Lake's Two and Three. I hope we won't have many more
holes to fill. Which reminds me, Chairman Keel came to see me
yesterday, he was complaining about the delays, he was pretty
stained, he even hinted at your dismissal.

Ikari: Adam is going well. And work on the Dummy Plug for the Eva
project, is proceeding. What are the old men at Seele
complaining about now?

Fuyutsuki: The fact, that the Instrumentality Project is behind
schedule.

Ikari: The projects are all linked together. There are no
problems.

Fuyutsuki: Including Rei? Well I won't press you. So how will we deal
with you know who?

Ikari: Let him do as he wishes, the same with the Marduk Institute.

Fuyutsuki: I agree, we can make use them, for a while.



Kyoto

Kaji: What started here, 16 years ago...



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :15

Lie And Silence



Woman: It's me.

Kaji: Ah, so it is?

Woman: This is Shannon Bio Inc. A foreign Chemical firm. It's been
like this for 9 years, 9 years, without a single change. So
far, 106 corporations out of the 108 affiliated with the
Marduk Institute, have turned out to be dummy companies.

Kaji: And this one is the 107th?

Woman: This is the company's registration record...

Kaji: And you want me, to take a look at the board of directors don't
you?

Woman: You already know about this?

Kaji: I know most of the names, yes. The Marduk Institute, is
suppose to be an advisory body established under the control
of The Human Instrumentality Committee, for the purpose of
selecting Eva pilots. Something's not adding up right here.

Woman: Your task is to investigate Nerv. Getting involved with the
Marduk, may be an ill-advised step.

Kaji: Well, I can't help it. My nose for trouble, has a pension for
getting my eyes in the wrong places.



Answering Machine: Hi. This is Kaji. I'm out right now, but you can
leave your name and a message, at the beep.

Asuka: Ahh! Help me Kaji! Don't touch me, you pervert! Ahhh! That
oughta' do it.

Hikari: What's going on?

Asuka: I was just calling Kaji, I wanted him to take me out tomorrow.
I've been calling him and calling him, but he's always out
these days. He's always out doing something.

Hikari: You mean you'll be available tomorrow.

Asuka: Unfortunately, it seems so.

Hikari: Great, then I've got a favor to ask you.

Asuka: Huh?

Hikari: Well, you see...

Asuka: What! A date?

Hikari: The guy's a friend of Kodama, my big sister. And he keeps
asking and asking me to set you and him up, pretty please!

#Hikari's elder sister is named Kodama.
#Hikari's younger sister is named Nozomi.
#These are the names of Japan's bullet trains.
#Kodama (Local Express), Hikari (Super Express),
#Nozomi (Super-Super Express)



Toji: Hey!

Shinji: Ow!

Toji: Get back to your work!

Shinji: Sorry.

Hikari: Why don't you get back to work, Toji!



Announcement: Microsis operation completed.

Announcement: Inversable graph measurements analysed.

Ritsuko: So, which dress are you wearing?

Announcement: Synchro-position is normal.

Misato: Oh, for the wedding tomorrow? Well, I wore the pink suit for
Kiyomi's wedding and I wore the dark blue dress for Kotoko's
shower.

Ritsuko: There's that orange one, you haven't wore that one lately?

Misato: The orange one? Well there's a reason I haven't worn it...

Ritsuko: It's too tight?

Misato: Ah, thank you!. (Sigh) Maybe I should just buy a new one. Man,
all these stupid weddings are killing my bank account.

Ritsuko: Tell me about it, we've been to so many showers I'm almost
broke.

#The guest has to give a gratuity to the host couple in Japan.
#The amount is about 20,000 YEN (200 US$) or more.

Misato: Yeah! It's like everyone's in a rush to get married, before
they turn thirty.

Ritsuko: And you don't wanta be the last one still single, do you?

Misato: Excuse me!

Ritsuko: Ok, you guys can take off now.

Ritsuko: Good work.

Asuka: It's about time! These stupid experiments, are really getting
on my nerves!

Ritsuko: Speaking of which, Shinji seems more subdued, than usual.

Misato: Hmm, tomorrow's the day.

Ritsuko: Oh yeah, tomorrow.



Shinji: Tomorrow...

Shinji: I er?, have to see my father tomorrow. What should I talk to
him about, Rei?

Rei: I don't understand, why are you asking me?

Shinji: Because I've seen you talking with my father and actually
enjoying it.

Shinji: Say, my father, what's he like?

Rei: I don't know.

Shinji: Oh.

Rei: Have you been watching me, because you wanted to ask that
question?

Shinji: Ah-ha.

Shinji: Hey, when we were cleaning, that cloth, the way you wringed
it, it reminded me of a mother, when you squeezed it.

Rei: A mother?

Shinji: Ah, yeah. It just, reminded me, of a mum. (laugh) I bet you'll
make a great mother, Rei. (laugh)

Rei: You, embarrass me.



TV: Oh-no! It's you who said &quot;we should separate.&quot;

Misato: I'm home.

TV: .... maybe .....

Asuka: What's happening?

TV: What are you saying, in a situation like this? I don't know
about you, but I'm different from what I was in those days.

Misato: You'd better go to bed Asuka, don't you have a date tomorrow?

TV: Yet, I still love...

Asuka: Yeah, with some Med. student. Oh, Misato. Can I borrow your
lavender perfume.

Misato: Ah, no.

TV: Once .... a woman cannot return to what she was. I cannot
return to what I was in those days.

Asuka: Oh, meany!

TV: But I still love you.

Misato: That stuff's not for kids. Is Shinji in his room?

TV: I told you, it's impossible.

Asuka: Yeah, ever since he got home. I don't think he wants to meet
his father. If he hates him so much, why doesn't he just say?
You Japanese are weird...

Misato: Well, he doesn't actually hate him. That's the problem.



Ikari: Leave!

Ikari: Good work, Shinji.

Misato: Shinji, I'm coming in Ok.

Misato: You're worried, about seeing your father tomorrow right? You
mustn't run away Shinji, nothing will ever change unless you
have the courage to step forward.

Shinji: I know that, Misato.

Misato: You're going to find out the truth, you've got to keep moving
forward, after each step you've got to keep taking another
afterwards. Anyway, when you see him tomorrow, you've got to
keep your chin held high, because you'll be seeing her too.
Goodnight, Shinji.

Asuka: Hey, you bought a new dress didn't you? Let me see!

Misato: Oh, you wanta see it, do you? It's an expensive one.

Asuka: Price, doesn't always reflect the design.

Misato: Tell me about. Well, what'er you think?

Asuka: Did you pick that one, with Kaji in mind?

Misato: Grow up! That was a long time ago.



The Next Day

Misato: Well,--

Asuka: see-ya--

Shinji: later.

Pen-Pen: Ohh...



Speech: You must keep three bags in your heart...

Song: Red, Blue, and Yellow dr...

#Famous oldies in Japan.
#&quot;Red, Blue, and Yellow dress. With the dress, the ladybirds are
#about to dance! Synchronising to the Samba's rhythm, they dance!&quot;

Toastmaster: And now, let us proceed to the reception.

Reservation note: Mr. Ryoji Kaji

Ritsuko: Little boy blue is late.

Misato: That oversexed idiot's never been on time in his whole lazy
life.

Ritsuko: For your dates you mean, he gets to work early.

Kaji: Hello girls. You're looking particularly lovely today. I had a
little trouble, getting out of work on time.

Misato: I find it hard to believe, since you don't do anything.

Kaji: (laugh)

Misato: You could at least have taken the time and trouble, to shave
that awful stubble. Your tie is crooked.

Kaji: Well, thank you.

Ritsuko: You act like you're married.

Misato: Hm.

Kaji: Your very astute, Ritsi-poo.

Misato: Who'd marry this bum?!

Kaji & Ritsuko: Oh.



Ikari: It's been three years, since we were last here.

Shinji: That's when I ran away. I haven't come back here since then.
I just, don't believe that my mum is really resting here. I
don't even remember her face.

Ikari: Burying memories is man's way of surviving. But, there are
some things a man should never forget. Yui taught me that one,
irreplaceable thing, Shinji. That is the reason I come here,
to confirm that commitment.

Shinji: You don't have a picture of her?

Ikari: No photographs. Even this grave is an artifice. Nothing
remains.

Shinji: It's like my teacher said, you cast everything away.

Ikari: Everything is keep in my heart. I'm satisfied with that.

Ikari: Our time is up, I'm leaving now.

Shinji: Father! I'm glad, that we could, talk together, today.

Ikari: Indeed.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :15

Lie And Silence



*Shinji's playing a Cello

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: (clapping) That was very nice, Shinji.

Asuka: I didn't know you played.

Shinji: I started when I was five. But I'm still not very good. I have
no talent at all.

Asuka: Well, perseverance wins the battle. I'm impressed.

Shinji: I only started because my teachers told me to. But I could've
quit anytime.

Asuka: So, why didn't you?

Shinji: Huh? Nobody told me to stop, I guess.

Asuka: Oh, I should have known.

Shinji: Hey, you're back early. I thought you were going out to
dinner, too.

Asuka: Oh, my date was even more boring than you. So, while he was
standing in line for the roller coaster, I took a train back
here.

Shinji: That seems kinda cold.

Asuka: Oh, Kaji's the only real man in my life.



Misato: I know it's getting a little late, but I've got to go powder
my nose.

Kaji: Making a quick exit.

Misato: Beeee.

Kaji (thinking): High heels...

Kaji: It's been a while, since we went out together.

Ritsuko: She's drinking too much, she's losing her control.

Kaji: Sometimes, you just have to drink, to keep yourself under
control. All of us do.

Ritsuko: Well, you did used to live with her, so I guess you'd know
the truth.

Kaji: Well, that was a life time ago. She didn't even own a set of
heels back then.

Ritsuko: That's not how we saw it, back when we were at school.

Kaji: We were kids Ritsu, that wasn't real, we were just children
playing house, it was nice. But life's not that simple.

Kaji: Oh, I almost forgot. The cat dragged this in.

Ritsuko: Thank you Kaji, for being honest.

Kaji: To the ladies, yes. Otherwise, er...

Ritsuko: I doubt that. And Misato?

Kaji: I've lost that war before. Doomed battles, aren't my style.

Ritsuko: I think you still have a chance.

Kaji: Well, what about you?

Ritsuko: Oh, I don't like to talk about myself. There's nothing much
to say.

Kaji: Why is she taking so long. How much makeup can she wear?

Ritsuko: Hmm, what were you doing in Kyoto?

Kaji: Er, I wasn't in, er...

Ritsuko: Don't try to fool me. You'll get your fingers burned, if you
get too involved in this. That's the advise of a friend.

Kaji: Hmm. I'd rather be burned, by the heat of my passion for you.

Misato: Well, should I buy you some fireworks then?

Kaji: Ha-ha, hello.

Misato: Oh, you never change do you.

Kaji: Of course, I change. The act of living, is an embracement of
change.

Ritsuko: Homeostasis and transistasis.

Misato: Homeo-what?

Ritsuko: One is a force to maintain the present status and the other
is a force for constant change. Anything that lives, is
composed of these two conflicting forces.

Kaji: Like men and women.

Ritsuko: I'll just be taking off now. I've got some work to do.

Misato: Now?

Kaji: That's too bad.

Ritsuko: Have fun.

Misato: But?



Misato (Phone): Hey Shinji? It's me. I'm gonna' be out drinking with
Kaji. Don't wait up for me, Ok.

Shinji: Right, yeah, sure.

Asuka: Hmm, Misato?

Shinji: Yeah. She'll be late, so don't wait up for her.

Asuka: What! You mean she won't be back until tomorrow morning?

Shinji: I doubt it, she's going out with Kaji.

Asuka: Are you dense! That guarantees it.



Misato: wwww.

Kaji: Drinking 'til you throw up, how old are you.

Misato: Old enough, to regret it.

Kaji: I'm old enough as well.

Misato: Your damn right.

Kaji: I can't believe, that you wear high heels these days. Time
really does fly.

Misato: You need to shave your sloppy face.

Kaji: Yeah.

Misato: Hey, let me walk.

Kaji: Ah.

Misato: Thank you.

Misato: Kaji, do you think I've changed?

Kaji: You're even prettier.

Misato: That's not what I meant. When I told you there was someone
else, it wasn't true. But, you knew that didn't you?

Kaji: No.

Misato: One morning, I just realised how much like my father you were.
I panicked. I couldn't believe, that I wanted a man just like
my father, I was terrified, So I ran. I was so scared, I was
afraid of becoming a woman, afraid of being with you and
thought I hated my father. But then I fell in love with a man,
who was just like my father.

Misato: I thought joining Nerv, would be a way to sever those ties
and then it turned out that my father was with Nerv. So I
tried to bury all of my feelings, by swearing to avenge myself
against the Angels. (Sigh)

Kaji: Choosing that path, was your decision. You don't have to
apologise to anyone.

Misato: Don't bullshit me Kaji! I just turned tail and ran! It was
just an escape, from the real world and my father. I'm no
better than Shinji is! I'm a coward, Kaji. Well it's just like
right now, I had to get up the nerve, to get drunk enough to
even tell you the truth!

Kaji: That's enough!

Misato: I'm a child! I have no right to be Shinji's guardian!

Kaji: Enough!

Misato: Look at me, afraid to accept a helping hand up from a man,
except when I'm so falling down drunk, that I don't even know
what I'm doing! I'm a whore of a woman and I used you!

Kaji: Cut it out.

Misato: Used you, because I'm a coward, I'm pathetic! uuh...



Asuka: Hey, Shinji. You wanta kiss me?

Shinji: Eh? what?

Asuka: Kissing, you know. Have you ever done it?

Shinji: Uh-uh.

Asuka: So let's do it.

Shinji: Uh.. But why?

Asuka: I've got nothing else to do.

Shinji: That's your reason? You're weird...

Asuka: Afraid to kiss a girl on the anniversary of your mum's death?
Is she watching you from up in heaven?

Shinji: That's not it.

Asuka: Or, are you scared?

Shinji: I'm not afraid! Pucker up!

Asuka: Right. Did you brush your teeth?

Shinji: Yeah.

Asuka: Then, here I come.

Asuka: Stop breathing, it's tickling me.

Shinji: Guwaa.

Pen-Pen: kwawaa wa wa hya.

Shinji: gwaaa

Asuka: (gargling) Phew! I should never kiss to kill time! (gargling)



Kaji: Hang on, we're here.

Shinji: Hey, Kaji.

Asuka: What? Hey, hello Kaji.

Misato: Phew.

Kaji: There, I'll be leaving now.

Asuka: You can spend the night here?

Kaji: I'd never live it down, if I went to work like this.

Asuka: Ohh.. You could do it. Hey come on, Kaji. It'd...

Kaji: Later, Asuka.

Asuka: Lavender perfume.

Kaji: Take care of Misato, Ok.

Shinji: Sure. Goodnight, Kaji.

Kaji: Yeah.

Shinji: What's wrong? You look upset.

Asuka: That's because you kissed me! You jerk!



The Day After

Teacher: Let me call the roll. Ladies first. Ayanami. Rei Ayanami. Is
she absent again?



NERV Headquarters

Deep Underground
Facilities

Central Dogma



Central Dogma, Depth 2008 Meters

Terminal Dogma

Kaji: Hi! Feeling better this morning are we?

Misato: I'm sober now thank you.

Kaji: I'm glad to hear that.

Misato: Is this your real profession, Kaji? Or is this something you
just do part-time?

Kaji: What'er you think?

Misato: It would seem to me, that there must be at least two Ryoji
Kaji's here. One works for Nerv Special Inspections and the
other would appear to be spy for the Japanese government.

Kaji: Hm, so you knew.

Misato: Don't underestimate Nerv!

Kaji: Was this ordered by Ikari?

Misato: No my initiative. But if you stay with this other job, you'll
die.

Kaji: Perhaps not, Commander Ikari is using me for his own ends, but
I am sorry that I've kept this secret from you.

Misato: I'll let it pass. Repayment for your help yesterday.

Kaji: I appreciate that. But, you should know that the Commander and
Ritsuko are hiding something from you, too. And this is it!

Misato: Oh my God... Is it an Eva?... No,.. It can't be!...

Kaji: Yes. The key to the Second Impact and everything that's
happened since, the starting point of everything. This is
Adam.

Misato: Adam? But why is the first Angel here? You're right, Kaji. I
don't know Nerv, I don't know Nerv at all.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Shinji Ikari gets ahead of Asuka and jumps to the top place,
in the sync-tests. He's proud, but then he's swallowed by the
Sea of Dirac. With Eva's energy supply running out, fear,
loneliness and cold, crash in upon him. Teaching him a new
level of anguish and despair. It's in the next episode:
Sickness Unto Death, And... Well and of course we'll give you
some more fan service, too!
  