
  Asuka: Hmm... Lucky me. I'm so glad I'm going shopping with you Kaji.

Kaji: Hey, wait a second. Isn't this the swimsuit section?

Asuka: That's right! What do you think of this one?

Kaji: Ha-ha. Um, aren't you just a little young to be wearing
something like that, Asuka?

Asuka: Oh, come on, Kaji. This is what all the girls are wearing.



Kaji: Oh, really?

Asuka: Ah-ha. Oh, I'm so anxious about this school trip. I just know
we'll have a great time!

Kaji: So, where is your class going?

Asuka: O-ki-na-wa! It's gonna' be awesome! We're even gonna' go
scuba-diving!

Kaji: Scuba-diving, huh. Boy, it's been years since the last time I
went diving.

Asuka: Hey, where'd you go for your school trip, Kaji?

Kaji: Well actually, we didn't have one.

Asuka: Why is that?

Kaji: Just a little thing called the Second Impact.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :10

Magma Diver



Pen-Pen: hmm...

Asuka: What!

Pen-Pen: Qua!

Asuka: Did you just say that I can't go on the trip?!



Misato: Yeap.

Asuka: Well, why not?!

Misato: It's part of your job.

Asuka: You mean I'm on permanent standby!

Misato: You got it.

Asuka: What idiot decided that?

Misato: This one, the Operations Planning Manager.

Asuka: Hm. Shinji, why don't you stop hiding behind that cup of tea
and talk some sense into this woman. Act like a man!

Shinji: Well, you know, actually I had kinda expected that we won't be
allowed to go.

Asuka: So you've already given up?

Shinji: Ah-ha.

Asuka: Ha! Pathetic! There's nothing more useless, than a housebroken
male!

Shinji: Hey, don't talk about me like that.

Misato: Look, I know how you must feel, but there's just no other way.
There's always the possibility that an Angel might attack
while you're away.

Pen-Pen: Ksh, Ksh, Quye, Cuo!

Asuka: So, I get stuck here on standby status while everyone else is
having fun! Why is it that we're the one's who always have to
be ready to defend against them! Any good officer knows that
the best defense is a good offense, why can't we find them and
attack them first?!

Misato: If we could do that, we would do it. Look, think of this as a
opportunity to get ahead for a change. The two of you can
catch up on your studies, while the rest of your classmates
are on the trip. Or did you think I hadn't seen these report
cards?

Shinji & Asuka: Ah!

Misato: I guess you thought, I would't know about your test scores yet.
Well, all of your grades are forwarded directly to my terminal
and I have been very disappointed with the both of you!

Asuka: Ha! This is so silly! And this school's grades are just dumb!
The old fashioned numeric grading scale you use on your exams
is stupid!

Misato: In Rome, do as the Romans do. You could at least try to adjust
to Japanese school life.

Asuka: This Sucks...!



Hikari: Hey Asuka, I'll bring you back something nice...

Kensuke: Ha-ha, see-ya suckers!...

Toji: Hey, don't worry, I'll have enough fun for the both of you...



Staff: Post the survey data on Mt. Asamayama, from Balthasar to
Melchior as soon as possible.

Maya: (Sobbing)

Hyuga: (Laughing)

Aoba: (Humming)

Ritsuko: A school trip, huh? That's sounds pretty reckless in times
like these.

Misato: I guess the idea's to let all kids have time to get out and
act like kids, while they can.



Shinji: Hmmm...

Asuka: Hmm. What have you got there, Shinji?

Shinji: Basic physics primer.

Asuka: Oh, you're such an obedient student!

Shinji: Well, I'll have to study it anyway. I mean... Oh!

Asuka: Well! If I can't go diving in Okinawa, let's do it here.

Shinji: Do what?

Asuka: Diving of course. So, what are you working on? Let's see, you
can't solve an easy problem like this? There all done, it's
easy when you know how.

Shinji: How can you solve a difficult problem like this and not make
good grades on your tests.

Asuka: It's because I'm having to much trouble figuring out what the
questions are.

Shinji: You mean you can't read the questions in Japanese?

Asuka: That's right. I still haven't learned all of the Kanji yet. I
didn't have to study it in college.

Shinji: You went to college?

Asuka: Yeah, I graduated last year. So, what does this one say?

Shinji: It's a question about thermal expansion.

Asuka: Thermal expansion? Oh man, that's kids stuff! To put it in
terms, you'll understand, most things expand when they get hot
and contract when they get cold.

Shinji: Well, it sounds simple enough...

Asuka: Look, if I were to warm up my breasts with my hands, do you
think they'll grow bigger or smaller?

Shinji: I don't know, I don't think about things like that!

Asuka: Such a boring little boy. Hmm..

Shinji: Eh?

Shinji: Hmm..

Shinji: Eh..

Asuka: Hey Shinji! Looky! Looky! Backroll Entry!

Shinji: (sigh)



Fuyutsuki: This, just isn't clear enough.

Aoba: But the report from the Mt. Asamayama Earthquake Research
Lab, implies we should take a closer look at this shadow.

Fuyutsuki: We can't ignore it.

Ritsuko: What do the Magi say?

Maya: It's fifty-fifty odds.

Fuyutsuki: Who's up there?

Aoba: Captain Katsuragi has already arrived at the site.



Researcher: Ma'am you're going too deep!

Misato: Send the probe down another 500.

Staff: Depth 1200. The pressure resist partition is cracking.

Researcher: Miss Katsuragi!

Misato: If it breaks, we'll pay for the damage. 200 more, please.

Hyuga: We're monitoring a reaction.

Misato: Start analysis.

Hyuga: Right.

Staff: The probe has imploded due to the extreme pressure.

Misato: Did you get?

Hyuga: Just barely. The pattern is Blue.

Misato: Then there's no doubt. It's an Angel.

Misato: This laboratory is now under the jurisdiction of Nerv. There
will be no unauthorised phone calls, any access to the outside
world is prohibited and all records pertaining to these events
will be classified top-secret.



Misato: Katsuragi, here. I need an A17 from Commander Ikari, top
priority.

Aoba: Watch what you saying Captain, this isn't a secure line.

Misato: I know that, switch me to a scrambled line immediately.



Member(blue): An A17, you wanta make an offensive attack?

Ikari: That is correct.

Member(green): No, it's too dangerous. Have you forgotten what
happened 15 years ago.

Ikari: No, but consider this. This is our chance to move from a state
of perpetual defense, to an offensive posture.

Lorenz: The risk would be enormous.

Ikari: However, I'm sure that you must be aware of how important it
is, to obtain a living Angel as a sample, am I correct?

Lorenz: We will not tolerate failure.

Fuyutsuki: Failure? If we fail, it will result in the extinction of
the entire human race. Are you really going to do it
Commander?



Shinji: Is that an Angel?

Ritsuko: Yes. It's some sort of chrysalis form, that precedes the
adult stage we're familiar with. This operation's prime
objective will be to capture this Angel. We must capture it
alive and in a form as close to it's original state as
possible.

Asuka: And if we fail?

Ritsuko: Then you must destroy it immediately. Understood?

Shinji & Rei & Asuka: Roger!

Ritsuko: The designated pilot will be...?

Asuka: Oh, pick me please! I'd love to go diving!

Shinji (thinking): Oh, it's going to be me, as always.

Ritsuko: Asuka.

Shinji: Huh?

Ritsuko: You will carry out the mission.

Asuka: Sure! It's gonna' be easy!

Rei: And me?

Maya: The special equipment we'll be using, hasn't been standardised
for use in the Prototype.

Ritsuko: Rei and Unit Zero will remain here on standby.

Rei: I see.

Asuka: Oh, poor little Rei, she doesn't get to have any fun!

Ritsuko: Now that an A17 has been ordered, we've got to roll out
immediately. Get ready.

Shinji & Asuka: Roger!



Asuka: Huh? You know this heat resistant entry plug suit, doesn't
seem any different from our regular ones.

Ritsuko: Press the switch, on your right wrist.

Asuka: Ok. Agghh, what!

Asuka (in German): Balloon like ugly suit!

Ritsuko: Unit Two, should be ready now.



Asuka: No...! No way! How could you?!

Ritsuko: This exosuit is designed to protect you. Type-D equipment is
for combat under extreme environmental duress, not high
fashion.

Asuka: Is that my Unit Two? The poor thing.

Asuka: Forget it! I won't do it! I'm not appearing in public, in this
stupid thing! This is the sort of thing you have Shinji for!

Kaji: I'm so disappointed, I was looking forward to seeing you in
action.

Asuka: Dr. Akagi, I just can't let Kaji see me in this awful looking
thing.

Maya: Are we having problems down there.

Ritsuko: Sort of, yes.

Shinji: Excuse me, but I could...

Rei: I will go in, Unit Two.

Asuka: Ahhh... Oh-no you don't! The only way your using my Unit Two,
is over my dead body. I'd rather do it, than let her take my
place.

Asuka: I'm sorry, they made me do it.



Staff: Eva Units One and Two have arrived.

Misato: Have both Units standby. Reposition the laser bore and stand
ready on the crane!

Hyuga: Roger.



Asuka: Hey, is Kaji here yet?

Misato: God's gift won't be coming, he's got no business here.

Asuka: No, but I wanted him to see me in my greatest triumph to date.



Woman: An A17 has been ordered. This will include a freeze of all
assets.

Kaji: So that means that some people will be in trouble.

Woman: Why didn't you try to stop them?

Kaji: I had no way of stopping this, this order was an official one,
you know.

Woman: But you must know that if Nerv fails at this, the entire world
will perish.

Kaji: Don't worry, not even they are that arrogant.



Shinji: What are those? Jets?

Ritsuko: The UN and the Air Force will be standing by.

Maya: Until this mission's over anyway.

Asuka: Are they here to help us?

Ritsuko: No, they're here to clean up the mess--

Maya: --just in case we fail.

Asuka: What do you mean?

Ritsuko: They'll use N2 depth charges to destroy the Angel and us as
well.

Asuka: This job sucks!

Shinji: What kind of a jerk, would order something like that?

Ritsuko: Commander Ikari.

Shinji: Huh, Oh.



Staff: Laser operation complete.

Staff: The bore path has been secured.

Maya: The Type-D equipment is functioning normally.

Hyuga: Unit Two is ready and in position.



Misato: Understood. Asuka, are you ready?

Asuka: Ready when you are.

Misato: Let's do it!



Asuka: Oh man! Talk about hot!

Maya: Unit Two is entering the lava.

Asuka: Hey, look at this Shinji!

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: A perfect scissors dive!

Shinji: Ah...

Asuka: Current depth 170, rate of descent 20. No problems detected.
Visibility is zero, I can't see a thing. Switching to CT
Monitor. Even with this I can barely see a thing.

Maya: Depth is 400, 450, 500, 550, 600, 650...

Maya: 900, 950, 1000, 1050. We're over the maximum safety depth.
Depth is 1300. Unit has reached estimated target level.

Misato: Asuka, what do you see?

Asuka: I'm not detecting anything. It's not here.

Ritsuko: The lava currents, must be faster than we thought.

Hyuga: The target's velocity, certainly doesn't match our
predictions.

Misato: Hurry up and recalculate. Descend further. Continue the
operation.

Hyuga: Eh?

Maya: Depth is 1350, 1400...

Staff: A crack has occurred on the second coolant pipe.

Maya: Depth is 1480. We have exceeded the maximum allowed depth.

Misato: But we haven't made contact with the target yet! Keep going.
How's it going, Asuka?

Asuka: Nice and toasty. I just wanta finish this and take a shower.

Misato: There's a nice hot spring near here. We'll go there once this
is over. Just hang in there a little longer.

Asuka: Haa... n?

Maya: Maximum allowed depth plus 120.

Asuka: Oh?

Staff: Eva Unit Two has lost it's Progressive Knife.

Maya: Maximum allowed depth plus 200!

Hyuga: Captain Katsuragi, you've gotta stop this! Have you forgotten,
that there's a human being in there!

Misato: I will manage this operation as I see fit. Continue to
descend.

Asuka: I agree with Misato, I'm Ok. I can go on.

Maya: Depth 1780. Unit has reached the corrected target depth.

Asuka: Wait, I see it!

Hyuga: The target is in sight.

Misato: Prepare for capture.

Ritsuko: Alright, because of the convection current that's moving both
you and the target, you'll have just one chance to make
contact.

Asuka: I understand, just leave it to me!

Hyuga: 30 meters to contact.

Asuka: Relative velocity 2.2. On the axis.

Asuka: The electromagnetic cage has been spread. No problems
detected. The target has been captured.

Maya: Oh...

Hyuga: Phew!

Misato: Nice work, Asuka!

Asuka: Phew! The operation is completed. I'm beginning my ascent.

Shinji: Asuka, are you all right?

Asuka: Well of course I am, the only thing we have to fear, is fear
itself. This was easy.

Asuka: Man, this isn't an entry plug suit. It's a sauna bath. Oh, I
just wanta go and take a cold shower.

Ritsuko: Sounds like the tension, let loose all at once.

Misato: Yeah.

Ritsuko: Were you scared about this operation? I sure was.

Misato: Well, yeah. If something had gone wrong, it could have been
another...

Ritsuko: I know, Second Impact... All over again.

Misato & Ritsuko: Huh?

Asuka: It's going crazy!

Ritsuko: Oh-no, it's started to hatch. It's earlier than we predicted.

Misato: Cage status?

Hyuga: There's no way it can't handle this.

Misato: Abort the capture! Jettison the cage!

Asuka: Damn!

Misato: We're changing the operation. We've got to destroy that Angel.
Unit Two, prepare for combat! Do it, Asuka!

Asuka: You got it!

Asuka: Damn it, I forgot that I dropped the Prog. Knife! The Angel!
Releasing holsters. It's fast.

Asuka: This is no good, I've lost it again. And if this lousy
visibility wasn't bad enough, I'm also too hot and this
disgusting suit is stuck to my body, with sweat. This really
sucks.

Misato: Asuka, we're going to drop you Unit One's Progressive Knife.
Stand ready!

Asuka: Understood! Oh gees, drop it now Shinji.

Shinji: Here it comes!

Staff: 40 seconds to knife arrival.

Hyuga: The Angel is approaching rapidly.

Asuka: No, go away! Ahh! Hurry up, with that thing! No, fall faster!

Asuka: What the hell?!

Ritsuko: No, how could it open it's mouth in molten lava.

Maya: What do you think that things built out of?

Asuka: Arrr...

Maya: Left leg damaged.

Asuka: Heat Shield failing!

Asuka: Die, damn you!

Ritsuko: Oh my God! The extreme heat has distended that things
molecular structure. The Prog knife won't work against it!

Hyuga: What, then what'll we do..?!

Shinji: Think physics!

Asuka: Thermal expansion! There...!

Ritsuko: Of course, the coolant!

Asuka: Transfer all of the internal coolant pressure to cable number
3, do it!

Asuka: Ahhh!

Asuka: Er?!

Asuka: I've done it but... That's it, I'm done for.

Asuka: Ah. Huh?

Asuka: Shinji?!... Idiot! You showoff!



Courier: Hello, are the people from Nerv here somewhere?

Shinji: Yeah, we're here.

Courier: I need your signature here. Thank you, have a nice day.

Shinji: It's from Kaji? What is this?

Pen-Pen: WeWeWeWe! Aw Aw Aw!

Shinji: The springs are over that way.



Pen-Pen: PRRRRRRRR, PRR PRR.

Shinji: Oooh... this feels like heaven!

Pen-Pen: KwKwKw Kwk

Shinji (thinking): Oh boy, I never thought a bath could feel this
good.

Misato: Shinji, can you hear me?

Shinji: Yes, ma'am!

Misato: Would you be a dear and throw me the body shampoo.

Asuka: We ran out of ours.

Shinji: Sure. Here it comes!

Asuka: Roger!

Asuka: Ow! You idiot! Watch where you're throwing! You dork!

Shinji: Sorry...

Asuka: He hit me in my most private part.

Misato: Oh, let me take a look...?

Asuka: Oh, watch your fingers.

Misato: Wow! Your skin is so soft and smooth, Asuka.

Asuka: Don't, you're tickling me!

Misato: How do you like this?

Asuka: Wow! Oh, don't touch me there.

Misato: Oh, come on, what gives?

Pen-Pen: Kw.

Shinji: Ahh! (thinking) Thermal expansion... how embarrassing.



Misato: Oh, the scar? It's something that happened during the Second
Impact.

Asuka: You know my past, about everything, don't you?

Misato: Well, it's part of my job. It's all ancient history now. We
really ought to let it go.

To Be Continued.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: The Angels aren't Commander Ikari's only enemies and when
some of his human ones cut off the power supply to Tokyo-3 and
Nerv, an acid drooling Angel arrives at Nerv Headquarters to
find it easy prey. Locked up, cut off and with no modernised
facilities, capable of operation. Will Shinji, Asuka and Rei
be able to find their way through this giant underground
labyrinth and reach Nerv Headquarters in time to activate
their Evas and intercept this latest Angel. It's in the next
episode: In The Still Darkness.
  