
  Student: Hey, have you seen her yet?

Student: Oh, yeah! Yeah!

Student: Seen what?

Student: You dork! You haven't seen the overseas student yet?

Student: The overseas student, a foreigner?

Student: Yeah, she's in the 8th grade, Class A, she just transferred
here.

Student: Oh, she's hot!

Student: Her name's Asuka Langley Soryu. Did you know that?

Student: Yeah, she's cute.

Student: Since she was raised over there but born here, do you think
she'll already have a boyfriend?

Student: No. no, no. I bet she broke up in Germany and she's here in a
foreign land, with a heart that can't be mended.

Students: Yeah!



Kensuke: My gosh, did you hear all that gossip, "Asuka, Asuka,
Asuka."

Toji: They're totally clueless.

Kensuke: Thanks, come again!

#Kensuke is giving /selling Asuka's photos which he took on the
#ship.

Toji: At least her pictures don't reveal her personality.



Asuka: Hello...

Shinji: gggg

Asuka: Guten Morgen, Shinji.

Shinji: Guu... guuten morugenn.

Asuka: Hey, why so gloomy! I'm the most popular girl in school. You
should appreciate your good fortune. Hey, the other one's here
too, isn't she?

Shinji: Other one?

Asuka: What are you stupid! I'm talking about the First Child, of
course.

Shinji: Oh, Ayanami...



Asuka: Hello! You must be Rei Ayanami, the pilot of the prototype.
I'm Asuka, Asuka Langley Soryu. I'm the designated pilot of
Eva Two. Let's be good friends!

Rei: What for?

Asuka: Because it would be, convenient. You know what I mean.

Rei: If I'm ordered to, I will do it.

Asuka: Oooh, freakazoid.

Toji: It takes one to know one. I wonder if only weirdos are chosen
to be Eva pilots.



Ritsuko: Hmm...?

Kaji: You've lost some weight?

Ritsuko: Oh?

Kaji: You're enduring an unrequited love.

Ritsuko: Really, you're so very sure, are you?

Kaji: Hmm... A woman, with a mole like a tear on her cheek, is
destined to a life full of heartache and sorrow.

Ritsuko: If you're trying to put the moves on me? I'm afraid you
can't, not while that face is pressed against the glass,
anyway.

Misato: uuuu.

Ritsuko: It's been quite a while, Kaji.

Kaji: It's been a while, alright.

Ritsuko: You know, your not as discrete as I remembered.

Misato: He ain't never been discrete in his life! You've finished
handing over Unit Two, haven't you? What are you still doing
here!

Kaji: I received orders this morning, that I'll be staying around.
So gorgeous, we can hang around again, just like we used to.

Misato: Oh, don't flatter yourself!

Misato: Enemy attack!



Aoba: We've just received this report from the Battlecruiser Haruna:
"A detected huge submerged object off the Kii Peninsula.
Sending data."

Hyuga: Got it. The data has been analysed. The wavelength pattern
confirms it, it's an Angel.

Fuyutsuki: All personnel, go to first stage alert.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :9

With One Accord In A Flash!



Misato: The recent battle has severely damaged Tokyo-3's intercept
system. Only 26% of our defense capability has been restored.
In addition, our operational capability for actual combat is
virtually nil, therefore we're going to have to intercept the
target at the waters edge, right before it makes land. Units
One and Two, will mount a coordinated attack in a series of
waves, in other words close in and take turns.

Shinji & Asuka: Roger!



Asuka: This sucks! My first fight over Japan and she won't let me
handle it solo, why do I have to bring you?

Shinji: SOP, that's just procedure, you know.

Asuka: Well, let me tell you something first Third Child. Just don't
get in my way!

Shinji: Ah, yes.

Asuka: His selection as a pilot must have been a joke, right?

Asuka: Two against one's not what I call a fair fight. It's not fair.

Misato: We don't get a choice, survivability takes priority.



Shinji: Ah, there.

Misato: Beginning attack!

Asuka: I'll handle this Angel! Cover my back, Shinji!

Shinji: Cover you?

Asuka: Yeah, ladies first!

Shinji: Damn it! Don't you talk to me like that you dumb rookie!

Asuka: Charge!

Shinji: What?!

Shinji: We'll I'll be damned!

Asuka: Well, what did you think of that. A fight should be clean and
elegant without waste.

Shinji: Oh!

Asuka: What?

Misato: That's a load of bull!

*The angel separated into two parts and each attacked each Eva.



Maya: Today at 10:58.15 A.M. Unit One was attacked by one of
targets, Alpha, which had separated from the other target,
submerged 2 kilometers off Surugawan Bay. 20 seconds later,
Unit Two was stopped by target Beta's attack.

Maya: I believe the project chairperson summed it up best.

Ritsuko: This is pathetic.

Asuka: This is all your fault, you totally screwed up my debut
battle!

Shinji: What are you talking about?! You're the one who charged in
there acting like an idiot!

Asuka: Idiot?! How dare you called me that, you pathetic excuse for a
combat pilot, your just a jerk!

Shinji: Me?! You were in such a rush to showoff, you disregarded
procedure!

Asuka: What was that?! You look like a drowned rat!

Shinji: You! You can't say that kind of thing to me!

Maya: At 11:03 A.M. Nerv abandoned the operation and transferred
command to the UN Secondary force.

Fuyutsuki: We've been completely humiliated.

Maya: At 11:05 A.M., the UN forces made an attack with an N2 mine.

Fuyutsuki: We'll have to redraw the map again.

Maya: They succeeded in burning off 28% of the target's structural
substance.

Asuka: Well, it kinda looks dead.

Fuyutsuki: This is merely temporary, the second attack is just a
matter of time.

Kaji: Well, at least we've got time to regroup and you can't ask for
more than that.

Fuyutsuki: Alright you two! Just what do you think your job is?

Asuka: Piloting Eva.

Fuyutsuki: Wrong! It's to beat the Angels! Nerv does not exist to make
grotesque public spectacles like this. Therefore, the two of
you will learn to work together.

Shinji & Asuka: Why should we?!

Fuyutsuki: Enough.

Asuka: Why does everyone get so angry here?

Kaji: Adults have a thing about credibility.

Shinji: Um, where's Misato?

Kaji: Clearing things up. It's the duty of the person in charge to
take responsibility for anything that goes wrong.



Ritsuko: Oh, look what we have here. Here are the protests and damage
reports, from all of the bureaus concerned. This is a bill from
the UN. And you've got a complain from public relations as
well. I hope you have fun reading them all.

Misato: I already know what they say, "If your going to fight, please
don't do it here," right?

Ritsuko: I'd say that was a good guess.

Misato: I'll do it after we kill this Angel. I will destroy it!

Ritsuko: That would be a nice start. I think you should know that
Commander Fuyutsuki isn't exactly happy with this whole
situation. I'm afraid you could be busted back to lieutenant
or even lower.

Misato: I guess it was just good luck within bad luck, that Commander
Ikari wasn't here.

Ritsuko: If he'd been here, you'd have already been fired.

Misato: So, you've brought me some ideas to help save my job, haven't
you dear friend.

Ritsuko: Like this one.

Misato: Oh, I thank you Dr. Ritsuko Akagi, it's good to have a friend
you can count on!

Ritsuko: That's nice, but I'm not the one who'll be saving your
backside this time. This is Mr. Kaji's idea.

Misato: Kaji...?



Shinji: I'm home... Not that anyone's here of course but... What?!
What is this?!

Asuka: Don't be so rude! These are my personal belongings.

Shinji: You!... But what in the blazes are you doing in my house?!

Asuka: Why are you still here?

Shinji: Still here?

Asuka: Yeah, you've been dumped for the new model.

Shinji: Eh? Ah!

Asuka: Misato will be living with me. Of course, that's a much more
logical choice when you consider my superior abilities.
Although honestly I'd rather live with Kaji. Say, just why are
Japanese houses so small, anyway? I couldn't even get half my
stuff in my new room.

Shinji: Huh? Oaaahhh...!

Asuka: And Japanese sure don't have any sense of privacy, how can
they live in a room without locks? Unbelievable!... It's
weird!

Misato: The Japanese way is to consider the needs of other's, before
one's own.

Shinji & Asuka: Misato.

Misato: How's it going! You two are going to get along real well.

Shinji: Just, what'er you mean?

Asuka: What's that?

Misato: This is part of your new training.

Shinji & Asuka: Say what?

Misato: There is only one way to destroy the Seventh Angel: Execute a
simultaneous two-point attack, on each target's core while the
Angel is separated. In other words, an attack on both halves
by two Evas with perfectly synchronised timing. Co-ordination
between the two of you will be vital to the success of the
mission.

Shinji & Asuka: Huh...?

Misato: To that end, I want the two of you to live together from now
on.

Shinji & Asuka: Ahh...!

Asuka: No way! A boy and a girl should never sleep under one roof,
after the age of seven!

Misato: The angel is currently regenerating itself. It will begin its
second assault in six days.

Asuka: But, it's impossible.

Misato: We have a way of making it possible. The master attack pattern
will be choreographed using this music. If you follow it
exactly, you will be able to work in sync and completely
destroy both targets. We begin now, we attack in six days.

Shinji & Asuka: Ohh...

Asuka: Hm!



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :9

With One Accord In A Flash!



Toji: I'm getting really worried about Shinji.

Kensuke: He's been gone for three days, hasn't he?

Toji: Hey, it's the Class Rep.

Hikari: Two of the Three Stooges.

Toji: So, why are you here?

Hikari: To see how Miss. Soryu's doing. What about you?

Kensuke: To look in on Shinji.

Toji & Kensuke & Hikari: Why did you stop here?!



Shinji & Asuka: Coming.

Toji: You betrayed us!

Kensuke: You're dressing alike again, too! Ah, I can't believe this!

Shinji & Asuka: Neither can we! It's all Misato's fault, we have to
eat, breathe and sleep together.

Hikari: You're living in sin, that's awful!

Shinji & Asuka: No, it's not like that!

Hikari: Just what is it like!

Misato: Hi, everybody.

Toji: Um, would you like to explain all of this to us.



Toji & Kensuke & Hikari: (Laugh)

Toji: Gees Shinji, you should have told us about that part first.

Hikari: So, how are their coordination drills coming along Miss.
Misato?

Misato: Not very well as you can see.

Toji & Kensuke & Hikari & Misato: Hmmm...

Asuka: Shizt! So much for synchronisation! I could never sink down to
the pathetic level, this animated turnip lives at! If you ask
me the whole idea's impossible!

Misato: Then you're giving up?

Asuka: But, you don't have anyone else do you?

Misato: Rei.

Rei: Yes, ma'am.

Misato: Why don't you try.

Rei: Yes, ma'am.

Asuka: Ah...

Asuka: Aha...

Toji & Kensuke & Hikari: Ohh...

Misato: Well, it looks like I should alter the operation to pair
Shinji and Rei.

Asuka: What! No! No, I can't stand this! I can't take in anymore!

Shinji: Oh.

Hikari: Wait, Asuka!

Toji: So, even the devil can cry...

Hikari: Shinji, Ooo...!

Shinji: Huh...?

Hikari: Go apologise!

Shinji: Huh?

Hikari: You made her cry, you jerk! Go find her and tell her your
sorry!



Shinji: Umm..

Asuka: Don't say anything... I know, I have to pilot the Eva, I've
got no choice.

Shinji: Um.

Asuka: I'll do it.

Shinji: Um.



Asuka: No matter what, I'll put Rei and Misato to shame!

Shinji: But still, you don't have to squash them.

Asuka: You're being too simplistic, even if you are a male! I must
avenge myself, for my pride! It's a matter of honour now,
can't you understand that!

Shinji: Hmm..



Asuka: Where is Misato?

Shinji: At work. She called earlier, she'll be there all night.

Asuka: So, that means we're all alone tonight, huh?

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: This is the impenetrable wall of Jerico, Third Child.

Shinji: What?

Asuka: Take one step over this wall and you'll be a dead man! And now
it's time to go to bed children!

Asuka: Why do Japanese sleep on the floor? This is so stupid!



Shinji: Ummm...

Shinji: Hmmm...

Shinji: Oh...

Asuka: Ah...

Shinji: Ah-haaa!

Asuka: Mum-ma!

Asuka: Hmmm...

Shinji: You're just a child yourself...

#Shinji tried to kiss Asuka, but stopped, because she uttered
#"Mum"



Misato: No, someone might see us.

Kaji: Who's watching?

Misato: Someone? Oh, mmm...

Misato: Forget it Kaji, there's nothing between us anymore. Don't ever
do that again.

Kaji: But, your lips didn't say "No"...

Kaji: Tell me, which one should I trust? Your lips or your words?...

Misato: mmmm...

Misato: Ah...



Ritsuko: Here.

Misato: Oh, Thanks.

Ritsuko: Well, looks like you've got troubles?

Misato: Mmm, yeah, a few...

Ritsuko: So is it work? Or a man? Or both?

Misato: A lot of things.

Ritsuko: Hmmm, still in love, huh?

Misato: Bahh! Don't be ridiculous! Get real, who'd want that idiot! I
may have been just a kid, but getting involved with him was
still the stupidest and most idiotic thing I've ever done in
my entire life!

Ritsuko: I meant that, he may still like you? Did I scare you?

Misato: I'll show you scared...

Ritsuko: Your only proving my hypothesis.

Misato: Hmm...

Ritsuko: Why don't you just go with your feelings Misato. It's not
like it's still eight years ago, you know.

Misato: Nothing's changed. Not a bit. He's still immature.

Misato: Oh, I've got to get to work. Tomorrow's d-day you know.



Aoba: The target has broken through the final defense line at Gora.

Misato: Here it comes. We won't fail this time.

Misato: Spread your AT-Fields as soon as the music starts, then
follow the operation choreography. Are you two ready?

Shinji & Asuka: Roger!

Aoba: The target has entered the mountains.

Asuka: Just remember the moves, Shinji. Full power, maximum
performance!

Shinji: I know that. We'll be finished in 62 seconds.

Aoba: It's coming! Target entering Ground Zero!

Misato: Detach external power.

Misato: Eva launch.



*Music and fight



Misato: Huh?

Maya: Both Eva's are Ok.

Misato: Oh, gees!

Ritsuko: Pathetic.



Shinji: Hmm, huh?

Asuka: You jerk! What are you doing on my Unit Two?!

Shinji: What are you talking about?! You're the one who fell on me!

Asuka: Your the one who lost time! Damn it! You're always so slow!
What were you doing staying up so late last night?!

Shinji: Image training for today's battle!

Asuka: Oh, image training I just bet, liar! I know you tried to
kiss me, while I was sleeping!

Shinji: You cheat! You were awake?

Asuka: Oh, my gosh! I was just kidding! Did you really kiss me?!

Shinji: No, I didn't. I stopped.

Asuka: I can't believe it!

Shinji: You were calling for your mother in your sleep and
sleepwalking!

Asuka: Mother?! What kind of perverted...

Spectators: (Laughter)

Fuyutsuki: Those darn kids, are embarrassing us again.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: In the crater of Mt. Asamayama, an active volcano, a new
Angel lies, waiting to be born. In a bold move, Nerv personnel
attempt the first live capture of an Angel, under the most
difficult circumstances imaginable. In the bowels of the
volcano, a specially equipped Eva, challenges the fires of
hell. It's an extreme environment of inhuman heat and
unbelievable pressure. What will Asuka see there? It's all in
the next episode: Magma Diver. And of course, we'll give you
more service!
  