
  *It's raining heavily.

*Alarm clock ringing, Misato moves under her sheets.

*Misato brushes her teeth.



*Sign on the door: 'Shinji's room'

*Misato knocks on the door to Shinji's room.

Misato: Shinji, wake up! How long are you going to avoid school?! It's
been five days now. Unit One's already completely repaired.
You're the pilot, are you going to leave it sitting there?

Misato: Shinji?

*Misato opens the door to discover his room is empty.

*Misato finds his Nerv ID and a letter addressed to 'Misato
*Katsuragi'

Misato: He's run away. I'm not surprised...



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :4

Rain, Escape & Afterwards / Hedgehog's Dilemma



*Two people seem to visit the room.

*The door bell rings and Misato opens the door.

Misato: Shinji?

Toji: Er...

Kensuke: Pardon me ma'am but we're Shinji's classmates, Aida and
Suzuhara.

Misato: Aida and Suzuhara?

Toji & Kensuke: Yes.

Toji: I'm Suzuhara.

Misato: Oh, aren't you the one's who got in Unit One's entry plug?

Toji & Kensuke: Yes, ma'am.

Toji: We're really sorry for causing so much trouble.

Kensuke & Toji: The reason--

Toji: --we came here today is that Shinji's been absent ever since
then, so we came to see if he was Ok.

Misato: Well, Ah Shinji's..., He's at the Nerv training facility right
now.

Toji: Oh, I see...

Kensuke: These are the printouts that were building up on Shinji's
desk.

Misato: Oh, sorry for your trouble. Thank you.

Toji: Well, we'll just be leaving now.

Kensuke: Please say Hi to Shinji for us.

Misato: Yeah, I will. Bye.

*Misato shuts the door with an affable smile floating across her
*face.

Kensuke: This is an unexpected development.

Toji: She was a real babe, wasn't she?

*Misato gets sulky and violently kicks the door.

Misato: Shinji, you idiot! Jerk...



*A train is running in the heavy rain.

Announcement: The next station is Nagao-Toge, Nagao-Toge. The exit will
switch to the right side.

*Shinji is sitting on a seat of a train of the loop line and is
*listening to music on an SDAT walkman.

*It's early in the morning. The train is crowded with commuters. As
*time goes by, the passengers get off one after another.

*Finally, Shinji is alone, but Shinji remains there...

*The train becomes crowded with commuters again...

*It's dark. Shinji is alone again.

Announcement: Thank you for using the Tokyo-3 Loop Line. This train
will be going out of service at this station. Please, make
sure you take all of your belongings with you as you exit the
train. Thank you for using Tokyo Loop Line.

Shinji: I oughta' go back.



*Shinji wanders through an entertainment district.



*Shinji watches a movie in a theater. There are only a few people in
*the theatre and it seems that no one pays any attention to the
*movie. The movie is about the Second Impact in 2000.

Man A (Movie): You mean you really couldn't detect it, Doctor?

Doctor (Movie): Yaah. The object several dozen millimeters across,
crashed into Antarctica at close to the speed of light.

Man A (Movie): We couldn't predict such an occurrence.

Woman (Movie): It's a living hell outside! Just what is the purpose of
science?!

Man B (Movie): Atmospheric flux, caused by the change in the Earth's
axis has decreased by 3%.

Woman (Movie): So things are getting better?

Man B (Movie): No. There's still a tidal wave approaching at 230
meters a second.

Man A (Movie): Doctor, we must evacuate.

Doctor (Movie): Nein... It's my duty to remain here.

Man A (Movie): Doctor, choosing death is easy. But, you have an
obligation to watch this living hell...

*Shinji is sleeping on a sofa in the waiting room of the all-night
*theater.

*He leaves the theater to walk along the street. The sky is getting
*lighter and the world has a pinkish tinge. Sounds of wind are
*suddenly heard. The landscape begins to move around him. He is
*unable to bear the sight and runs, his hands shielding his eyes.



*Misato lies on her back in bed. She seems to be thinking about
*something.

*Misato opens the door to Shinji's room to find it empty.

Misato: Idiot...



*Shinji gets off a bus and walks among the mountains.

*He sits at the edge of a cliff and looks down upon Tokyo-3.



*Rei lies on a bed and is examined.

*Misato and Ritsuko are talking.

Misato: But he's only 14 years old. Making him bear the burden of the
future of mankind, seems so cruel.

Ritsuko: But we have to use 14-year-old children to pilot the Evas.

Misato: I know... But...

Ritsuko: So, has he called or made contact?

Ritsuko: Nothing?

Misato: Nothing. I don't think he's going to come back this time.

Ritsuko: What will you to do?

Misato: Nothing.

Misato: It's better for him if he doesn't come back.

Ritsuko: But why?

Misato: Because of what happened after the last battle...



*In his plug suit, Shinji sits on a bench in a room of Nerv
*Headquarters.

Misato: Why did you ignore my orders?!

Shinji: I apologise.

Misato: I'm the one who's in charge of your operations aren't I?!

Shinji: Yes.

Misato: You do know your suppose to obey my orders, understand?!

Shinji: Yes.

Misato: I'm warning you not to do it again!

Shinji: Yes.

Misato: Hey, are you even listening to anything I'm saying?!

Shinji: Yes.

Misato: Oh-no you don't! You're not going to get out of this by saying
yes to everything I say!

Shinji: I know Miss. Misato. We won didn't we, isn't that enough?

Misato: You know, it may seem easy going along with whatever anyone
else wants, but if you get into an Eva with that attitude
it'll kill you!

Shinji: You know, I just don't care anymore.

Misato: It'd be nice if I could say you've got the right attitude, but
if you think you're gonna get any praise out of me, you're
wrong Shinji.

Shinji: That's not the point. Anyway I'm the only one who can pilot
it. I'll just have to do.



Ritsuko: I see.

Misato: If getting into the Eva means nothing but pain to him, I don't
think he should pilot again. Otherwise he'll be killed.

Ritsuko: But... we need pilots.



*Kensuke Aida, Shinji's classmate, plays a survival game (Japanese
*English?, playing soldiers) by himself.

Kensuke: DaDaDaDaDaDaDaDa! Owww!

Kensuke: Captain!

Kensuke: Aida, go on ahead!

Kensuke: But I can't go on and leave you behind like this. What will
I do?!

Kensuke: You fool!

Kensuke: Aggh!

Kensuke: There.

*Kensuke stops playing and finds Shinji coming.

Kensuke: Hmmh! The new kid! Ikari!



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :4

Rain, Escape & Afterwards / Hedgehog's Dilemma



*Shinji and Kensuke are talking by a bonfire.

Kensuke: Toji was real sorry about everything.

Kensuke: His kid sister really tore him a new one. She said that it
was the robot who saved their lives. That must be pretty
embarrassing, getting yourself chewed out by a second-grader.
Right?

Kensuke: I like it out here at night, because those noisy cicada's
don't chirp. It was pretty quiet when I was a kid, but there
are tons of them now.

Shinji: Misato said, that the ecosystem is returning to its former
state.

Kensuke: Misato said so, Hmm. I really envy you, I mean, you live with
such a beautiful woman and you get to pilot the Evangelion. Oh
man, I wish I could get inside that lovely cockpit just once.

Shinji: You'd really shouldn't, you know. Your mother would probably
be worried.

Kensuke: Ah, don't worry about my mother. I don't have one of those.
I'm no different from you.

Kensuke: You'll take something to eat, won't you?

Shinji: Yeah.

Shinji: Do you, usually do things like this?

Kensuke: Well, sure.

Shinji: Is it, some kind of training for guerrilla warfare or
something?

Kensuke: How could I fight with toys like these? It's just for fun.

*It's early in the morning. The tent is shrouded in dense fog from
*which five men in black suits appear.

*Kensuke exits the tent and faces one of them. They besiege the tent.

Kensuke: Huh!

A man from Nerv: You're Shinji Ikari, aren't you?

Shinji: Yes.

A man from Nerv: We're from Nerv Security Intelligence. Under security
clause Article 8, we're taking you to Nerv Headquarters.

Shinji: Yes.

*Shinji goes with them, leaving Kensuke alone.



*Toji and Kensuke are talking in the classroom.

Toji: And all you did was stand there?!

Kensuke: That's easy for you to say. But they were Nerv Intelligence,
professionals.

Toji: So what about it?! Gees, don't you have any balls at all?!

*Girls whisper.

{Are the girls insulting Kensuke for &quot;deserting&quot; Shinji?}

Girl A: Girl!

Girl B: Pervert!

Girl C: Ape!

Kensuke: Only an idiot fights when he knows he can't win. Balls have
nothing to do with it.



*Misato opens the door and enters a prison cell.

Misato: Long time no see.

Shinji: Yeah.

Misato: Do you feel any better after wandering around for two days?

Shinji: I don't know.

Misato: The Eva is on standby. Will you pilot it? Or won't you?

Shinji: You're not going to scold me for running away? Of course you're
not, I'm no relation to you, am I?

Shinji: If I say that I won't pilot Unit One, what are you going to do
with it?

Misato: I suppose that Rei will do it. You won't pilot it?

Shinji: It seems a little bit unrealistic for you to force everything
on her.

Shinji: Don't worry. I'll pilot it.

Misato: But you don't want to do it?

Shinji: Of course not, it's not something that comes to me naturally.

Shinji: But, Ayanami, and you, and Miss Ritsuko...

Misato: Stow that line of crap! This has nothing to do with any of us!
If you don't like it, get out of here! Just forget all about
Eva and us and go back where you came from! We don't need
someone with that attitude piloting! Ehh!

*Misato leaves the room.



*Ikari, Ritsuko and Rei on a moving sidewalk.

Ritsuko: You do know that the third child is leaving Tokyo-3 tomorrow,
don't you?

Ikari: We'll reconfigure Unit One's system for Rei. Regardless of the
results of the Unit Zero reactivation experiments, we'll move
on to experimenting on Unit One.

Ikari: According to the Marduk Organisation's report, the Fourth
Child hasn't been found yet.

Ritsuko: Does that mean, we can't get any more, pilot recruits.



*Shinji's ID card is punched.

Shinji: Excuse me, where is Miss. Misato? I'd like to say good bye.

A man of Nerv: You are no longer Nerv personnel, we can't give you
that information.



*Shinji gets out of the car and finds Toji and Kensuke at the
*station. They have come to see him off.

Kensuke: Ikari!

Toji: Hey, you left this stuff behind!

Shinji: Excuse me, could I, um.

Shinji: Well, thank you.

Kensuke: Hey Toji! Come on say something!

Toji: Ikari look, I'm sorry about hitting you twice. Please, you
gotta hit me back!

Shinji: I can't do that!

Toji: You gotta, or otherwise, I won't be satisfied.

Kensuke: He's a pretty embarrassing guy, isn't he? But if it'll put an
end to this dispute, why don't you go ahead and hit him?

*The men from Nerv check their watches.

Shinji: But I...

Toji: Hurry up! You don't have much time, do you?!

Shinji: Ok, but only once.

Toji: Right. Come on!

*Shinji tries to hit Toji but Toji stops him.

Toji: Hey wait! Don't hold back.

*Shinji hits Toji.

Kensuke: Ooo... That hurt!

Shinji: How'd you know I'd be here?

Kensuke: It was just a hunch. We've seen lots of other classmates off
before, it's getting to be a regular thing.

Toji: Of course, if you're leaving you know, we'll have to leave this
city sometime soon. But we can't really blame you for that. I
mean, we saw how you suffered in the Eva.

Toji: And anyway, if anyone does try to blame you, I'm gonna give
'em a whop on the head!

Toji: Come on, try not to look so gloomy...

Kensuke: Take care, Ikari...

Toji: Yeah, take care.

Shinji: Well, ah...

*One of the men from Nerv puts a hand on Shinji's shoulder.

A man of Nerv: Time is up.

*Shinji begins to walk to the station. Shinji and the men from Nerv
*go up the stairs to the platform. Shinji suddenly tries to come back
*and talk to his classmates.

Shinji: I'm the one who deserved to be hit, not you! I'm a coward, I'm
dishonest, I'm sneaky and a wimp!...



*Misato and Ritsuko are talking in front of Unit One.

Ritsuko: Well, he's gone. Do you really think this is for the best?

Misato: The hedgehog's dilemma... The closer we become, the more
deeply we hurt... Now I understand.

Misato: I finally understand, he can't let others know how he feels,
in any other way...



*Shinji is waiting on the platform. A train is coming.

Announcement: Express linear train bound for Atsugi is arriving on
Track 2. For your safety, please step back to the area inside
the yellow line.

Announcement: The train arriving on Track 2 is for special government
use only, and departs at 4:20 for Atsugi. No civilians are
allowed inside the fence.

Announcement: Please be aware that the boarding of this train, by an
unauthorised person is strictly prohibited.

*Misato's words whisper in Shinji's mind.

Misato (voice): Hang in there.

*The train departs from the station.

*Misato's blue car arrives, driven roughly. Misato gets out of the
*car.

Kensuke: Hey, look!

Toji: That's that babe!

*Misato believes that Shinji has gone and sighs deeply. And she turns
*her face to the platform.......

Announcement: The local train bound for Gora is now arriving on Track
4. For your own safety, please stay inside the yellow line. If
you are accompanying small children, please ensure that they
are properly supervised.

Announcement: The train arriving on Track 4 is the local shuttle to
Gora, departing at 4:32. If this is your train, please step
inside and wait until departure. The train is approaching.
Please stay behind the yellow line.

Shinji: I... I'm home.

Misato: Welcome home.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Rei Ayanami, limits her association with others to as little
as possible, the only one whom she seems to open up to is
Commander Ikari. Shinji is at a loss to understand how this
girl can become closer to his own father than he is. But
before he can settle his mind on the subject, a beam shot by
the Fifth Angel melts Eva Unit One's chest. Shinji's scream
reverberates in Misato's ears. It's the next episode: Rei,
Beyond Her Heart.










guerrilla : ゲリラ兵の
crap : ((俗))たわごと(nonsense)
hold back : （…を）ためらう
hunch : ((略式))直感
whop : 強打
  