
  Nerv Headquarters
Experiment Station 2

22 Days Ago

Ikari: Begin activation.

*Nerv Headquarters. Experiment Station-02

Ritsuko: Connecting main power to all circuits.

Maya: Power supply connected. Beginning system activation.

Maya: Activation voltage approaching critical level: 0.5, 0.2,
rising!

Ritsuko: Initiate activation system, Phase II.

Aoba: Pilot link-up initiated.

Staff: Startup system, Phase II.

*Display of Eva-00's neuron

Staff: Synapses inserted. Nerve junctions connected.

Staff: Cardiograph transmitting.

Aoba: All circuits are operational.

*Ikari, Fuyutsuki and Ritsuko standing in the control room

Maya: No problems with initial contact.

Staff: Power supply to brachial muscles in the right and left
arms.

Aoba: All nerve links, check up normal.

Maya: Checklist is satisfactory up to 2550. Clear to 2580.

Ritsuko: Prepare for third stage connection.

Maya: Counting down to absolute borderline, 0.9, 0.7, 0.5, 0.4, 0.3.
The pulses are flowing backwards!

Staff: Something's going wrong in the third stage.

Aoba: Rejection occurring in the nerve center elements.

Ritsuko: Break off contact. Cut circuit links number 1 through number
6.

Maya: Negative! The signal's not being received!

Maya: Unit Zero is out of control!

Ikari: Abort the experiment. Cut off the power supply.

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir.

Ritsuko: Unit Zero has switched to standby power.

Aoba: We've got 35 seconds before it comes to a complete stop.

Ritsuko: It's gone berserk! Stay back!

Maya: Auto ejection system has been activated...

Ikari: Damn it!

Staff: Complete shutdown in 10 seconds...

Ritsuko: Start the Bakelite suppression system!

Staff: 9, 8, 7...

Ikari: Rei!

Maya: 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0.

Ikari: Rei, are you all right?! Rei!

Ikari: I see.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :5

Rei, Beyond her Heart



Ritsuko: Rei Ayanami, aged 14. The first of the test subjects chosen
in accordance with the Marduk Report. The 'First Child.'
Designated pilot for the Evangelion Unit Zero. Her past has
been eradicated. All of her personal records have been erased.

Misato: So, do we have we any idea what caused that incident during
the last test?

Ritsuko: We still don't know. However, we believe that mental
instability on the part of the pilot, was a primary factor.

Misato: Mental instability? In Rei?

Ritsuko: Yes. Her mind became much more disturbed than we had
anticipated.

Misato: So, what did happen?

Ritsuko: I don't know, but she could have...

Misato: Did something occur to you?

Ritsuko: No, it can't be that...



Announcement: The demolition of Block-B3 has been completed. All
technical department personnel must submit their data to the
Analysis Group.

Shinji: So, this is what the enemy looks like up close?

Ritsuko: Magnificent. Everything except the core has been left intact.
This is an almost perfect sample.

Ritsuko: Thanks this'll be a great help.

Misato: Ok. So, have you found anything new yet?



Misato: What's that mean?

Ritsuko: That's our systems code number for 'cannot be analysed'.

Misato: You mean you have no idea what this is?

Ritsuko: Yeah. What we do know is that the Angel is composed of a type
of matter characterised by both particulate and wave form
properties.

Misato: But you've at least found its power source, right?

Ritsuko: Something like that. But we haven't been able to figure out
how it operates at all.

Misato: So we've finally found something outside our experience.

Ritsuko: It's a whole new world of mysteries. For example, take a look
at this, this is the Angel's inherent wave form pattern.

Misato: What about it?

Misato: It can't be...

Ritsuko: Yes. Although composed of a different form of matter, their
actual composition in terms of the arrangement and coordinates
of the pattern is a 99.89% match to ours.

Misato: 99.89%...

Ritsuko: Yes, once again we must acknowledge how limited our level of
understanding really is...

Engineering Staff: Keep going, keep going. OK, Ok.

Fuyutsuki: This is the core sample... What about the rest of it?

Engineering Staff: There's not much left of it. I don't think we can
use it as a reference.

Ikari: That's not a problem. Dispose of the rest of it.

Engineering Staff: Yes Sir.

Misato: What's wrong?

Shinji: Ah... Well, nothing.

Misato: Shinji! Are you aware that when you say nothing in that tone
of voice you might as well be shouting for us to pay
attention to you. Nothing draws attention like evasive
actions.

Shinji: Well, it's just that, my father seems to have burned his
hands.

Misato: Burned them?

Shinji: I was just wondering how it happened.

Misato: I'm not sure... Do you know?

Ritsuko: It was before you joined us, Unit Zero went berserk during
the activation trials. You've heard about that?

Shinji: Yeah.

Ritsuko: It was bad, the pilot was trapped inside the Eva.

Shinji: Rei Ayanami, was she the pilot?

Ritsuko: Yes, and it was Commander Ikari who rescued her. He opened
the superheated hatch with his bare hands.

Shinji: My father did that...

Ritsuko: Yes he really did, that's how he burned his hands.



*School which Shinji and Rei attend

Boy: Hey, over here!

Boys: Oh come on man!

Girl: Oh my God, those guys are looking at us!

Toji: Oh man, they've all got such incredible breasts...

Toji: Hey, big shot! What are you staring at, so intently?

Shinji: Er, nothing!

Toji: He's ogling Rei!

Shinji: I... I... I am not!

Kensuke: Ah, come on! We saw you looking...

Toji: Yeah, at Rei's mammaries, Rei's silky thighs, her calves,
her...

Toji & Kensuke: Naughty bits!

Shinji: Ah, look it's nothing like that!

Kensuke: Then, just what were you looking at?

Toji: You can't fool us, Shinji.

Shinji: I was just wondering why she's always alone.

Toji: Come to think of it, she hasn't had any friends since she
started here in the seventh grade.

Kensuke: There's just something about her that makes her hard to talk
to, like she's in her own world.

Toji: She's probably just got a lousy personality.

Kensuke: You two are both Eva pilots, right? You oughta' know her
better than any of us, Shinji. Know what I mean?

Toji: Yeah, that's right!

Shinji: I suppose... But we don't talk.



*The cage of Evangelions

Staff: Eva Unit One is now entering the third stage cooling process.

Staff: Lower all systems to Phase III in Cage-06.

Staff: The harmonics and synchronisation test results were good.

Staff: All numerical conditions have been satisfied.

Staff: Roger.

Staff: Transmit the results to Balthasar.

Staff: Roger.

*Shinji, sees Rei talking to his father.

Staff: Transmitting the full range of the entry plug's personal data
files to Melchior.

Staff: Data transmitting.

Staff: This is Melchior, roger. Circuits connected.

Staff: Initiating third stage cooling process.

Staff: CBL circulation has begun.

Staff: Send liquid waste to second purification system.

Staff: T-minus 1,050 minutes until the Unit Zero reactivation
experiment.



*Dining room of Misato's apartment

Ritsuko: What is this stuff?!

Misato: It's curry.

Ritsuko: You mean, your still eating this instant junk?

Misato: Look, you're a guest so you've got no right to complain!

Shinji: Misato, don't you want any?

Misato: Ah, sorry about that... Ta-Daaa (fanfare). Slop some of that
stuff on top of this stuff!

Shinji: You can't be serious?

Misato: Go on, it's yummy to the max. Ordinary curry-flavored instant
ramen, can't taste this good. Yeah, come on let's eat. Dig
in, guys. The trick is to put less hot water in the soup so it
forms the sludge.

Shinji & Ritsuko: Ow!

Ritsuko: Misato cooked, right?

Misato: You can tell?

Ritsuko: Of course.

Ritsuko (thinking): Who else could make instant soup taste so
awful?...

Ritsuko: Next time you invite me over, make sure it's Shinji's turn to
cook.

Ritsuko: You know Shinji, you really oughta' consider moving out. You
shouldn't let one bad roommate ruin your entire life you know.

Shinji: But, I'm used to it now.

Misato: He's right, Ritsuko. Never underestimate the ability of the
human animal to adapt to its environment, right. And, anyway,
if he does move...

Misato: Ah, Shinji, can I have another?

Shinji: Right.

Ritsuko: He's gonna' have to go through an awful lot of trouble and
red tape. He just got his permanent security card, you know.

Ritsuko: Ah, I almost forgot, again. Shinji, I need a favor... Ah,
here it is.

Shinji: What is it?

Ritsuko: This is Rei's new security card. I keep forgetting to give
this to her. Would you mind, delivering this to her before you
go into Headquarters?

Shinji: Sure.

Misato: What's the matter? You're staring at Rei's picture, aren't
you?

Shinji: Ah, I'm not!

Misato: Oh, yes you are Shinji.

Shinji: I was not!

Misato: I think I embarrassed him.

Misato: Now you've got an excuse to go over to Rei's place. Don't you?

Shinji: Stop teasing me!

Misato: But I love teasing you, you go so ballistic!

Ritsuko: Just like Misato...

Shinji: I just find it strange that I know so little about her, even
though we're both Eva pilots.

Ritsuko: She's a nice girl. But she's like your father, she's not very
adept at...

Shinji: She's not very adept at what?

Ritsuko: Living, I guess.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :5

Rei, Beyond her Heart



*Rei's apartment

Shinji: Hello there?

Shinji: I'm sorry for intruding, it's me Shinji Ikari.

Shinji: I'm coming in, Ok.

Shinji: These can't be Rei's?

Shinji: Ah, uh, err......

Shinji: Rei... I didn't mean...

Rei: Will you get off?

Shinji: Eh, eh, eh, err ...

Rei: What?

Shinji: Well, I was asked to, err ...

Shinji: I was asked to, you know... So I... What was it?

Shinji: The card... your card, it's been renewed, so I was asked to
deliver it.

Shinji: I didn't mean for any of this to happen...

Shinji: Ritsuko said she forgot to give it to you.

Shinji: It's true. I rang your bell, but there was no reply and the
door was unlocked so I...



*On the way to Nerv Headquarters

Announcement: Central Dogma is currently open to the public. Group 3
should proceed to direct gate 4.

Shinji: Here. This is your new card. Ritsuko told me to deliver this
to you.



*On the escalator

Shinji: Look, I'm sorry.

Rei: About what?

Shinji: Aren't you, going to have a reactivation test today.

Shinji: Aren't you scared Rei?... Aren't you afraid of piloting Unit
Zero?

Rei: Why?

Shinji: Well, I heard that you were hurt pretty bad in an earlier
experiment, so I thought you might be...

Rei: Aren't you Commander Ikari's son?

Shinji: Ah-ha.

Rei: Don't you have faith, in your own father's work?

Shinji: No, of course not! How could I ever trust him a again?!

Shinji: What's wrong? (Slap).



*In the cage of Eva Unit Zero

Ikari (Voice): Rei, are you all right?!

Ritsuko (Voice): It was bad, the pilot was trapped inside the Eva. And
it was Commander Ikari who rescued her, he opened the
superheated hatch with his bare hands.



Ikari: Rei, can you hear me?

Rei: Yes.

Ikari: We will now begin the Unit Zero reactivation experiment.
Initiate primary connections.

Ritsuko: Connect the main power supply.

Maya: Activation voltage has passed the critical point.

Ritsuko: Roger. Shift format to Phase II.

Aoba: Connecting pilot to Unit Zero.

Staff: Opening circuits.

Ritsuko: Pulse and harmonics are normal.

Staff: No problems detected. We are in sync.

Aoba: All nerve links completed, central nerve system elements are
nominal.

Staff: Recalculating, no error correction.

Maya: Checklist is satisfactory, up to 2590. Approaching critical
mark, 2.5 more, 1.7, 1.2, 1.0, 0.8, 0.6, 0.5, 0.4, 0.3, 0.2,
0.1, and rising! Borderline cleared.

Maya: Unit Zero has been activated.

Rei: Roger. Beginning interlock test.

Fuyutsuki: Ikari, an unidentified object is rapidly approaching Nerv
Central. It may be the Fifth Angel.

Ikari: Abort the test. Place all operations on first stage alert.

Fuyutsuki: You're not gonna' use Unit Zero, are you?

Ikari: She's not ready to fight yet. Unit One's status?

Ritsuko: It can be ready in 380 seconds.

Ikari: Make it so.

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir.

Ikari: Rei, reactivation has been successfully completed. Return now.



Aoba: The target is passing over Tonosawa.

Hyuga: Unit One is beginning launch sequence. Releasing primary lock
bolts.

Shinji: Lock bolts, released.

Hyuga: Roger. Removing secondary restraints.

Staff: Roger.

Aoba: The target is now intruding into Lake Ashino air space.

Hyuga: Eva Unit One is ready for launch.

Misato: Launch Eva!

Aoba: We're detecting a high-energy reaction inside the target.

Misato: What'd you say?!

Aoba: The energy charge is accelerating and massing upon itself!

Ritsuko: It can't be...

Misato: Look out, duck!

Shinji: Uh?

Shinji: Ahhh...

Misato: No, Shinji!



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Shinji was saved. But the wound makes him utter baby's words.
Rei is forced to take over. Meanwhile, Misato desperately
tries to pinpoint the Angel's weak spot, with the ultimate in
heavy artillery. Will Shinji's prayers and all the energy in
Japan be enough to penetrate the Angel's shields. Unit Zero is
fused by the molten impact. It's in the next episode:
Showdown In Tokyo-3.
  