
  In the year 2015 AD



The Third Angel

Sachiel's Attack

Conventional weapons
were found to have no effect
on the Angel.

The UN force, having failed to
accomplish their task...

...transferred command to the
special organization NERV.

At midnight of the same day,
the Angel arrived above
NERV headquarters.

Also on the same day,
this individual was acquired.

The Third Child

Shinji Ikari

He was accepted as pilot for...

...Evangelion Unit 01, and
sortied in its first engagement.

NERV thereby experienced
its first combat.

The First Battle of
Tokyo-3

Eva Unit 01 sustained damage
to its head component and
went out of control.

There was complete silence.

Then...

...it went berserk!

Urban combat in Tokyo-3. An interim report
Commanding Officer: Capt. Misato Katsuragi
Director of Strategic Operations

Misato: Although there was a great deal of damage as a result,
the fact that Shinji Ikari,--

The Third Angel and Unit 01...

Misato: a boy with no prior Eva experience,--

...were both observed
generating an AT Field.

Misato: managed to accomplish the mission, against an unknown enemy,
deserves special notice.

Unit 01 penetrated the
enemy's AT Field.

Misato: However, for the Department of Strategic Operations, it was a
difficult battle, that would reveal many problem areas that
were in desperate need of improvement.

The Angel was destroyed.

The Intercept Facility was
slightly damaged. Eva Unit 01
received moderate damage.

The number of victims
incurred during this incident
was not made public.

Excerpts from the Notebook of Toji Suzuhara

Toji: My sister's only in the second grade. She got hurt in that
stupid battle in the city. What makes it worse, was that she
was injured by our own stupid robot, not by the enemy. There's
no way I can forgive anyone who did something so stupid. I'm
gonna' find the jerks who hurt my sister and teach them a
lesson they'll never forget.



The Fourth Angel

Shamshel's Attack

The performance ratio of the
surface-to-air intercept
system was 48.2%.

The operation ratio of the Tokyo-3
battle formation was 96.8%

Excerpt from the Diary of Hikari Horaki

Hikari: We'd already had a lot of evacuation training at the school,
so we didn't really think it was that serious. The guys were
all acting like jerks as usual, like they were on a field trip
and none of the girls were afraid either.

The Angel arrived above Toyko-3.

The Second Battle
of Tokyo-3

Although the power supply
cable was accidentally cut...

...Eva successfully defeated
the Angel.

NERV acquired a completely
intact Angel specimen.

As of yet, however, no final report
or analysis has been submitted
or published.



The Fifth Angel

Ramiel's Attack

To combat this nearly
impregnable enemy...

Captain Katsuragi proposed
Operation Yashima, for which she
received approval.

The First Child

Designated Pilot of Eva Unit 00

Rei Ayanami

She received her first combat
experience in the rehabilitated
Eva Unit 00.

At midnight of the same day,
part of the Angel penetrated
into the Geo-front.

NERV carried out
Operation Yashima.

From the Personal Files of Kensuke Aida

Kensuke: Shinji never really told me what really happened, but if I
had to guess, I'd say that Rei must of tried to sacrifice
herself, in order to protect Unit One, from the enemies
particle beam. The reason I'm so sure about this is Rei
herself, I don't think she has much respect for her own
existence. She's not just pessimistic,--

Operation Yashima
was successfully completed.

Kensuke: hell a lotta kids our age are like that,--

Eva Unit 00 sustained
heavy damage.

Kensuke: no it's something much, much more.

However, its pilot returned alive.

Kensuke: But nobody ever tells me nothing.



The Sixth Angel

Gaghiel's Attack

Lorenz: This event did not occur in accordance with our scenario,
Ikari.

Ikari: Nevertheless, the result was within the projected parameters.
We can make the necessary adjustments.

The Second Child

Eva Unit-02's Designated Pilot

Asuka Langley Soryu

The first engagement in
Eva Unit 02...

...involved hand-to-hand combat
over the open sea...

...and...

...the first under-water sortie.

The encounter took place in the
region of the former Ito Peninsula.

The Angel was destroyed.

Member(green): The United Nations combined Navy, lost one third of its
entire fleet, in this encounter.

Member(red): At least the lost ships belong to your country, the
damage is negligible.

Member(yellow): Quite true. It was fortunate that so much of the
damage was inconsequential.



The Seventh Angel

Israfel's Attack

This was the first Angel
encountered to possess the
ability to separate and recombine
parts of its body.

Eva Units 01 and 02 utilized a
simultaneous, synchronized
attack...

Shinji & Asuka: Ahh...!

...and the Angel was destroyed.



The Eighth Angel

Sandalphon was detected in
the volcanic crater of Mt. Asama.

NERV ordered a
Special Command A-17.

The capture operation was
performed under top priority
conditions.

The target was trapped within
an electro-magnetic barrier,
but...

...the cage was destroyed and
the operation was aborted.

Immediately, the objective of
the operation was altered to
destruction of the Angel.

Eva Unit 02 accomplished
the operation.

The Angel was destroyed.

Repair and upgrades on
Eva Unit 00 were completed.

The Eva was returned to
operational status.



The Ninth Angel

Matariel's Attack

This was the first simultaneous
operation of all three Eva Units.

The Angel was destroyed.



The Tenth Angel

Sahaquiel's Attack

The enemy dropped onto targets
directly from the stratosphere.

All three Eva Units
intercepted the target.

The Angel was destroyed.



The Eleventh Angel

There is a rumor that this Angel
penetrated into NERV HQ.

However, this Angel's existence has
not yet been confirmed as fact.

Member(green): Hmm... This isn't good. It's happening too early.

Human Instrumentality
Project
Special Conference

Member(yellow): Yes, this did not occur in accordance with our
predictions, of when an Angel will invade Nerv.

Member(red): And to make it worse, you let it intrude into Central
Dogma, itself.

Member(blue): If contact had occurred, then our entire project could
have ended in disaster, Ikari.

Ikari: The report to this Committee was an error, there's no fact
behind this tale of an Angel invasion.

Member(green): Ikari, are you saying that the Eleventh Angel's intrusion
never occurred?

Ikari: Yes.

Member(yellow): Watch your words carefully Ikari. Lying to this
Committee, is punishable by death.

Ikari: If you wish confirmation, check the Magi's data recorders. No
such incident was ever recorded.

Member(blue): This is absurd. We all know that bearing the truth, is
your specialty.

Ikari: The time schedule is being carried out, in accordance with the
descriptions in the Dead Sea Scrolls.

Lorenz: Alright. We won't discuss any possible guilt or punishment,
this time. However, let me remind you that you won't rewrite
our scenario.

Ikari: I understand. Everything is proceeding, according to Seele's
plan.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :14

Seele, Throne Of Souls




Rei: Mountains. Heavy are the mountains. But that changes, with the
passage of time. Sky, blue sky. What your eyes can't see, what
your eyes can see. The Sun, one, only one. Water, it is
agreeable. Commander Ikari. Flowers, so many the same, so many
without purpose. Sky, sky of red. Red the colour, the colour
I hate. The liquid flows, it drips, ripples and pours. Blood,
the scent of blood, from a woman who does not bleed. From the
red soil, the humans come. Humans made by man and woman. City,
a human creation. Eva, a human creation as well. What are
humans? Are they creations of God. Humans, are that which are
created by humans. This is that which is mine, my life, my
heart. I am a vessel for my thoughts. The entry plug, the
throne of the soul.

Rei: Who is this? This is me. Who am I? What am I? What am I? What
am I?

Rei: I am I. This object that is, is myself. That which forms, is
me. This is the self that can be seen and yet, this is not
like that which is myself. A strange feeling. My body feels as
if it is melting. I can no longer see myself. My form, my
shape, fades from view. Awareness dawns, of someone who is not
me. Who is here? There? Beyond me here? Shinji. This person I
know, Major Katsuragi. Dr. Akagi. People, my classmates. The
pilot of Unit Two. Commander Ikari. Who are you? Who are you?
Who are you?

Ritsuko: So, Rei, how does it feel to be piloting Unit One for the
first time?

Rei: It smells like Ikari.



First Compatibility
Experiment
Subject: Rei Ayanami

Ritsuko: The sync-ratio is almost the same, as with Unit Zero.

Maya: Unit Zero and Unit One's personal data patterns, are almost
identical.

Ritsuko: That's what makes this sync experiment, possible.

Maya: Error margin is 0.03. Harmonics are normal.

Ritsuko: No detectable problems found for compatibility between Rei
and Unit One.

Ritsuko: Ok, the test is over, Rei. You can get out now.

Rei: Yes.



87th Joint Operations
Experiment
Subject: Asuka Langley

Staff: Unit Two databank, completed.

Staff: Harmonics are all normal.

Staff: Pilot status, is normal.

Asuka: Of course, I'm normal.



First Compatibility
Experiment
Subject: Shinji Ikari

Ritsuko: What about Unit Zero's personal data?

Maya: Already reconfigured. Reconfirming data now.

Ritsuko: Subject's status?

Hyuga: Ah, a bit jittery, but no problems found in the nerve
patterns.

Misato: This is his first time in Unit Zero, his first time piloting
another Eva, it's only natural.

Asuka: It's stupid. Why should he care which Eva he's in, anyway?

Misato: It makes a difference to Shinji, that's how he is.

Asuka: I know that. He's such a dork.

Misato: (laughs)

Asuka: So why aren't you running these compatibility tests on me, is
there something wrong with me?

Misato: Well, we didn't think you'd want to pilot any Eva except
yours.

Asuka: Yeah, that's true isn't it?

Misato (thinking): I don't know if Unit Two would even be
compatible...

Maya: Beginning entry.

Staff: LCL electrolysed.

Maya: Commence first connection.

Ritsuko: Shinji, how do you feel in Unit Zero's entry plug?

Shinji: It feels kinda weird.

Maya: Like incompatibility?

Shinji: Not like that. This thing smells like Rei.

Asuka: It smells like what?!

Maya: Data received. Reconfirming... Pattern green.

Staff: All restraints are nominal.

Ritsuko: Acknowledged. Now let's shift the mutual compatibility test,
to the second stage.

Maya: Unit Zero, entering second contact.

Misato: How's it look?

Ritsuko: As I thought, the sync-ratio is lower than that of Unit One.

Maya: Harmonics are all normal.

Ritsuko: But these are still good readings. These numbers mean we can
implement, our current plan.

Maya: You mean the Dummy System? Ma'am, I'm really not sure that we
should proceed...

Ritsuko: I understand your feelings on this, but we always have to be
prepared for all options, it's our guarantee of survival.

Maya: You know that I've always respected you, ma'am, and I still
believe in our work, but I'm afraid I'm really not convinced.

Ritsuko: People who develop too many scruples, will always have some
difficulty working amongst others. You'll learn once you've
gotten your hands dirty. You'll see.

Staff: Initiate third connection.

Hyuga: Selfstainer-mind-graph, is stable.

Asuka: Is Shinji missing mama's breast? Is it like being in her womb,
or what?

Ritsuko: Asuka, stop interrupting. Your being obnoxious.

Asuka: Yeah, yeah.

Asuka: I don't get it? Why does everyone around here always pamper
him?

Ritsuko: Commence A10 Nerve connections.

Maya: Harmonics Level plus 20.

Shinji: Ah, what the hell? Something's trying to get into my brain.

Shinji: Rei? Rei Ayanami? This feeling, impression, Rei, it's hers!

Misato: What's happening?

Staff: There's problem in the pilot's nerve-pulse.

Maya: Mental contamination starting.

Ritsuko: Impossible! This can't happen at this plug depth.

Maya: It's not from the plug. The intrusion is coming from the Eva!

Maya: Unit Zero is out of control!

Ritsuko: Shut all circuits! Cut the power!

Maya: Eva has switched to reserve power.

Staff: Eva is still activated.

Misato: Shinji's status?

Hyuga: The circuits closed. We can't monitor him.

Ritsuko: Unit Zero is rejecting Shinji!

Maya: Negative! The Auto-ejection it doesn't work.

Ritsuko: The same error, the same one? Is it trying to absorb Shinji?

Misato: Rei get back, here! Rei!

Maya: Activation will terminate in 7 seconds, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0.

Maya: Unit Zero, activation terminated.

Misato: Hurry up and get the pilot out of there!

Misato (thinking): I can't believe it! Did Unit Zero just try to kill
Rei?



Misato: Do you think this could be related to the incident, that
occurred when Rei was the pilot?

Ritsuko: I can't tell you much right now. The only thing I'm sure of,
is that we must reconfigure Unit Zero for Rei's personal data
and run a new synchronisation test between Rei and the Zero,
as soon as possible.

Misato: As the Director of Operations, I request that it be done as
soon as possible, before there are further problems.

Ritsuko: I understand that, Major Katsuragi.

Misato: Hm, Right.

Ritsuko (thinking): Unit Zero wanted to attack me, that's got to be
it.



Shinji: Uh.

Radio: Next the amazing, Kanna the talking dog! Wow, that sounds
awesome! Rouw! He said hello! Do you understand me? Rowf! He
said yes! This is great! So what's on top of a house? Rowf!
He said roof! And what's the texture of sandpaper? Rowf! This
is amazing he said rough! And who's the greatest Baseball
player of all time?...

Shinji: Again... I hate this ceiling.



Hyuga: The hospital says Shinji's regained consciousness. No signs of
mental contamination. But... he doesn't remember what
happened.

Misato: Right.



Radio: The problem of Nansha islands ...

Asuka (thinking): Misato and Kaji won't tell me anything, about her.
Even Shinji, doesn't know anything.

Asuka: Just what is the First Child?



Fuyutsuki: The Angel's invasion of Headquarters, was a deviation from
our scheduled scenario. The Committee's found out about it and
are applying pressure. They're buzzing around our heads, like
a swarm of Hornets, looking for things to complain about.

Ikari: We hold all the tiles, all the winds and dragons. There is
nothing they can do.

Fuyutsuki: That doesn't mean we want to keep tipping our hand. If
Seele starts to interfere, there could be trouble.

Ikari: Everything is going according to the scenario. No problems
exist.

Fuyutsuki: What about the Unit Zero incident? That was not in our
scenario.

Ikari: It will have no effect, Rei's resynchronisation test was
successful.

Fuyutsuki (thinking): Your too concerned about protecting Rei, Ikari.

Fuyutsuki: What's the status of the Adam Project?

Ikari: Proceeding. It's less than 2% behind schedule.

Fuyutsuki: Then, the Lance of Longinus...?

Ikari: Is going according to plan. Rei is handling the operation.

To be continued



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: With her friends getting married one after another, Misato
starts to feel a little insecure. Always the bridesmaid, she
just might end up spending the rest of her life going to
wedding showers and never finding anyone for herself. This
surly sucks! Her 20's are disappearing and the old biological
clock is going tick, tick, tick. My gosh, she's getting close
to 30. Could a reunion with Kaji, be the last chance? It's the
next episode: Lie And Silence. Oh yeah, there'll be more fan
service too, swear.
  