
  Aoba: We're detecting a high-energy reaction inside the target.

Misato: What'd you say?!

Aoba: The energy charge is accelerating and massing upon itself!

Ritsuko: It can't be...

Misato: Look out, duck!

Shinji: Ahhh...

Misato: Retrieve it! Hurry!

Aoba: The target has gone silent.

Misato: What's Shinji's status?

Hyuga: He's alive.

Maya: Unit One has been recovered. Send it to the 7th cage.

Misato: I'm going to the cage. Take over for me please...

Maya: Unit One secure.

Hyuga: The pilot's brain waves are extremely erratic. His cardiac
readings are very weak.

Ritsuko: Increase the power to the life support systems. Give him a
heart massage.

Hyuga: Roger.

Hyuga: Heart beat stabilised.

Ritsuko: Force eject the entry plug. Hurry!

Ritsuko: Emergency LCL discharge.

Maya: Roger.

Misato: Come on, open the hatch! Come on!

Misato: Shinji!



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :6

Showdown In Tokyo-3



Aoba: It's accelerated particle beam cannon has hit the balloon.
The decoy's been vaporised.

Misato: Next one.

Aoba: The type 12 mortar's been vaporised.

Misato: Yeah, I see that.

Staff: From the data we've collected, we're assuming the Angel
automatically attacks any opponents that come within a certain
range.

Hyuga: So, there is a 100% probability that anything that enters that
range will be targeted. It's too risky for close range combat
in an Eva, isn't it?

Misato: What's the status of its AT-Field?

Staff: It's still active. It's strong enough that the spatial changes
in phase are visible.

Hyuga: And needless to say, using conventional means of attack,
guided missiles, artillery and bombs, would inflict more
damage on us, than on the Angel.

Misato: Yeah, offensively and defensively it's almost perfect. A real
flying fortress.

Misato: What's the Angel's current location?

Staff: At this moment the target is directly above us, penetrating
the Tokyo-3 null zone. A giant shield with a diameter of 17.5
meters is boring towards Nerv HQ.

Hyuga: That's it then, it appears the enemy is going to attack Nerv
Headquarters directly.

Misato: Sassy Bastard! What's its estimated time of arrival?

Staff: 6 minutes, 54 seconds AM just after midnight, by that time it
will have breached all 22 levels of defense armour and will
penetrate headquarters itself.

Misato (thinking): Less than 10 hours...

Hyuga: The shield has contacted the first armour plate.

Misato: What kind of condition is Unit One in?

Ritsuko: Well, Unit One's defensive armour was melted down to the
third layer. But the good news is that the central control
unit sustained no damage.

Maya: Given three more seconds it would've shot right through the
Eva...

Staff: It will take three hours to install replacement parts.

Misato: Understood. What's Unit Zero's status?

Maya: The reactivation of Unit Zero shouldn't prove a problem, but
there's still a feedback error remaining.

Ritsuko: So, it wouldn't--

Misato: --survive combat? What's the condition of Unit One's pilot?

Hyuga: No physical damage. However, nerve pulses are up by 0.8,
that's still within the acceptable limits.

Aoba: Enemy arrival, 9 hours, 55 minutes.

Misato: Talk about high pressure situations...

Hyuga: Why don't we raise a white flag?

Misato: Before we do that, there's just one more little thing that I'd
like to try...



Fuyutsuki: You wanta use a sniper to shoot the target from outside its
firing zone?

Misato: Yes Sir. Instead of trying to neutralise the target's AT-Field
I believe a pinpoint shot, with a focused high energy beam is
the only way.

Fuyutsuki: What do the Magi say?

Misato: The responses from the Magi supercomputers were two
affirmative and one conditional affirmative.

Fuyutsuki: Our probability of success is 8.7%.

Misato: It's the highest value we could get.

Ikari: I see no reason to reject your plan. You may proceed, Captain
Katsuragi.

Misato: Yes Sir!



Ritsuko: You know how crazy this whole operation is, don't you,
Operations Director Katsuragi?

Misato: Don't be rude! It's not crazy, it can be done within 9 hours
and has the highest chance of success.

Ritsuko: It does? Really?

Positron Rifle for EVA-Prototype 20.
Circumference Acceleration Type.

Ritsuko: But our positron rifle can't handle such a high output. What
are you going to do about that?

Misato: If ours won't work, we'll borrow one.

Ritsuko: We'll borrow one...? You don't mean...?

Misato: Yeah. The SSDF's (Strategic Self Defense Force) new prototype.



Warrant: Requisition Order
Prototype Self Propelled Positron Rifle

....panese government allows Special Institute Nerv (say, A)....
....o use the prototype automatic positron cannon (say, C)....
....owned by The Strategic Self Defense Force Tech. Lab(say, D)..
....n order to carry out the present mission, requisite C ....

Misato: I've come on behalf of Nerv, to hereby requisition, the
Prototype Self Propelled Positron Cannon as of 15:00 hundred
hours today.

Staff: But this is, just... so ridiculous!

Misato: We'll do our best to return this in as close to its original
condition as we can. Thank you for your cooperation, have a
nice day.

Misato: It's all yours Rei, take it away.

Misato: Be careful that's a piece of precession machinery...

Hyuga: But ma'am, our latest calculations show that it'll take at
least 180 million kilowatts to penetrate that Angel's
AT-Field. Just where exactly are you planning on getting that
much electricity?

Misato: Where do you think I'll get it? All over Japan!



TV: We apologise for interrupting our regular programming for this
emergency bulletin. From 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow
morning, there will be a large scale power blackout throughout
most of Japan...

Helicopter: ...We appreciate your co-operation.

Announcement: Repeat. From 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning,
there will be a large scale power blackout throughout most of
Japan. We appreciate your co-operation.



Staff: The shield has just broken through the 7th defensive layer.

Misato: What's the status on the energy supply system?

Hyuga: Ah, we're running at about 3.2% behind schedule, but we should
be finished by 23:10.

Misato: And the positron rifle?

Staff: For the honour of Technology Development Department Section
Three, we bet that we'll have it built in 3 hours.

Misato: And how's our defense coming?

Ritsuko: Well, a shield is about the best we can come up with.

Maya: So is this the shield?

Ritsuko: Yes, it was SSTO (Single Stage To Orbit) part of the space
shuttle. It may look ugly but it's got an electro-magnetic
base coating that Section 2 guarantees will stand up to the
enemy's particle beam for at least 17 seconds. Pretty
impressive huh?

Misato: Good work Ritsuko. What about the sniper position?

Hyuga: Taking geographical features and access to power transformers
into consideration, this is our best choice.

Misato: Right, everything's looking good. Our sniper will attack from
the top of Mt. Futago. We will commence at 0:00 hour tomorrow
morning From this point on this operation is called
&quot;Operation Yashima.&quot;

Hyuga: Roger.

Misato (thinking): Now the only remaining problem is the pilot.



Staff: Unit One's pilot is conscious now. His examination results
look normal.

Misato: Good, then the operation will proceed as planned.

Staff: Roger.

Ritsuko: But... I wonder if he'll pilot it again?

Misato: Let's get to Mt. Futago, now!



Shinji: Ayanami...

Rei: Pilot Ikari, I've been sent here to brief you on the Operation
Yashima timetables. The operation will begin at midnight 0:00
hours. Prior to that, pilots Ikari and Ayanami will arrive at
the cage by 17:30. At 18:00 Unit One and Unit Zero will
activate. At 18:05 both Units will be deployed. They will
arrive at the temporary base at Mt. Futago at 18:30. There,
they will await further orders.

Rei: Here, this is a new one.

Rei: Don't show up looking like that, pilot Ikari.

Shinji: Ahh, sorry! I've been apologising since yesterday...

Rei: Your meal.

Shinji: I don't feel like eating anything.

Rei: We will be departing in 60 minutes.

Shinji: Do I really have to pilot Eva again?

Rei: Yes, you do.

Shinji: I don't want to. You can be so cool about it because you
haven't had the kind of experiences I've had yet. I don't
wanta go through it again.

Rei: Then you can just stay here in bed.

Shinji: What['er / do] you mean by that?

Rei: I will pilot Eva Unit One. Dr. Akagi has already prepared to
rewrite the personal data files for Unit One.

Shinji: Ritsuko is...?

Rei: Captain Katsuragi and Dr. Akagi will be waiting for me in the
cage.

Shinji: Hey...

Rei: Goodbye.



Toji: They're really late. We oughta' evacuate to the shelter.

Kensuke: No way! I hacked into my dad's data files, I'm absolutely
sure this is the time it said.

Toji: Well Ok then, where in the heck are they.

All: Oh!

Toji: The entire mountain is moving...

Kensuke: There they are! The Evangelions!

All: WOW!

Toji & Kensuke: Totally Awesome!

All: Go for it, Evangelions! We believe in you!



Aoba: The shield has penetrated through the 17th layer of armour. It
will reach Headquarters in 3 hours, 55 minutes.

Hyuga: Power supply stations [from / through] Shikoku and Kyushu areas completed.

Staff: Beginning tests of each cooling system.

Ritsuko: That's a very delicate piece of machinery. Handle it
carefully.

Shinji: This thing wasn't built for field operations. Will it really
work?

Ritsuko: Point taken, but we have no choice, this was the most
expedient way of achieving our goal.

Shinji: Are you sure it's safe to use?

Ritsuko: Theoretically, yes. However, we're not sure if the cannon
barrel and accelerator will be able to handle the stress or
not. This is the first time it's ever been fired with such a high
power output behind it.

Misato: Listen up. Here are the battle plans for the operation.
Shinji..

Shinji: Yes.

Misato: Your Unit One will be the gunner.

Shinji: Right.

Misato: Rei, you will cover him with Unit Zero.

Rei: Yes.

Ritsuko: The reason for this arrangement, is because Shinji has a
higher sync ratio with Unit One and this operation will
require an exceptionally high degree of precision.

Ritsuko: Since the positron beam will be influenced by the Earth's
gravity, magnetic fields, and rotation, it will not fire in a
straight line. You must remember to adjust for these
deviations, you must penetrate the core precisely.

Shinji: But Ritsuko, I've never practiced with this before.

Ritsuko: Don't worry, just do what the manual says. As soon as the
indicators in the centre converge, just pull the trigger, the
computers will handle the rest. Also be aware that before you
can fire the rifle a second time, you will first have to wait
for the unit to cool, then replace the fuses and reload.
You've got to hit it the first time.

Shinji: What if I miss or the enemy shoots back?

Ritsuko: Shinji, don't even think about something like that. You've
got to destroy the Angel with you first shot.

Shinji (thinking): So I have no choice.

Rei: I... I'm just to defend Unit One is that correct.

Ritsuko: Yes.

Rei: Understood.

Misato: It's time. Get geared up.

Shinji & Rei: Right.



Shinji: Maybe this will be our last day alive...

Rei: Why would you say something like that?

Rei: You won't die... I'll be protecting you.



Shinji: Ayanami, just why do you pilot this thing?

Rei: Because I'm bonded to it.

Shinji: Your bonded?

Rei: Yes, it's a bond.

Shinji: You mean, to my father?

Rei: To all people.

Shinji: You're very strong, Rei.

Rei: I have nothing else.

Shinji: What['er / do] you mean you have nothing else...?

Rei: It's time. Let's go... Goodbye Shinji.



Staff: The time is approaching 0:00 hundred hours.

Hyuga: Commencing operation.

Misato: Listen Shinji, we're entrusting you with the energy of the
entire nation of Japan. I'm counting on you.

Shinji: Roger.

Misato: Initiate primary connection, do it.

Hyuga: Initiating power transmission from districts numbers 1 through
803.

Staff: Voltage is rising. Water exchange unit reaching pressure
zone.

Hyuga: All cooling systems operating on full power.

Staff: Temperature stable. No problems detected.

Staff: Roger, positron charge is nominal.

Misato: Initiate second connection.

Staff: All accelerators are engaging.

Maya: Activate the convergence unit now.

Staff: Transmitting all power to Mt. Futago temporary sub-station. No
problems reported with third connection.

Misato: Release final safety systems.

Hyuga: Release final safety lock.

Staff: Error correction for Earth rotation and gravity field is
0.0009. Voltage is 0.2 short of critical.

Hyuga: 7th and 10th connections engaged.

Hyuga: Transmitting all energy to the positron rifle.

Hyuga: 9, 8, 7...

Maya: High energy output detected inside target.

Ritsuko: No not again?!

Staff: 3, 2, 1...

Misato: Fire now!

Misato: Did we miss?

Aoba: The enemy shield has broken into the Geo-front.

Misato: Hurry, second shot.

Hyuga: Replacing fuses. Initiating recharge.

Staff: Barrel cooling in progress.

Maya: We've got another high energy reading building inside the
target.

Misato: Not now!

Misato: Look out Shinji!

Shinji: Ayanami!

Ritsuko: The shield can't last long...!

Misato: Are we ready?

Hyuga: 10 more seconds!

Shinji: Hurry up.

Shinji: Hurry up!

Misato: Yeah, we made it!

Shinji: Ayanami!



Shinji: Ayanami! Are you all right?! Ayanami!

Shinji: Don't ever say that, just don't say that you have nothing
else, just don't say that. And don't say goodbye when you
leave on a mission, it's just too sad.

Rei: Why are you crying?

Rei: I'm very sorry, but I don't know what I should do or feel at a
time like this.

Shinji: Why don't you just try smiling?



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Nerv isn't the only agency that's trying to find ways to
combat the Angels. But when the giant humanoid type robot,
created by a civilian corporation, goes out of control during
it's official test trial, it's up to Eva Unit One to catch the
rampaging Jet Alone. Will Misato be able to stop its nuclear
reactor from melting down? It's the next episode:
The Human Creation. And of course I'll give you lots of fan
service next time too.
  