
  Asuka: (humming)

Misato: mmm... Shinji, did you change this soups flavour somehow?

Shinji: Yeah, I used dried fish stock. Ritsuko gave it to me.

Asuka: Eek!

Asuka: It's too hot!!

Shinji: I'm sorry.

Asuka: You're always apologising. Do you really think it's your
fault?

Shinji: Well, er...

Asuka: Apologies are your conditioned reflex to any kind of
confrontation, aren't they Shinji. Don't you have any spine at
all?

Shinji: I'm sorry, er...

Asuka: There you go again. Why do you always have to punish yourself
for everything?

Misato: There, there. That's just Shinji's way, you know.

Asuka: It's so easy for you, just to accept his pathetic habits,
isn't it? But don't you think, you've been too easy on him,
lately?

Misato: Have I?

Asuka: Maybe you and Kaji have hooked up again, but the fact that
your happy, doesn't mean that you can just ignore the welfare
of the rest of us.

Misato: Look there's nothing going on between me and Kaji.

Kaji (telephone): Hey, Katsuragi. I've found a bar that serves a
decent drink.

Misato: Ah.

Kaji: How 'bout tonight? Bye!

Misato: Ow...

Asuka: I've never been around anyone, who's been involved in such a
totally indecent relationship. And your suppose to be our
guardian, what a hypocrite! It's disgusting!



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :16

Sickness Unto Death, And...



Maya: B-type harmonics test, all systems green.

Staff: Projected adjustment values have been cleared.

Hyuga: You're looking pretty worn to the bone, Major Katsuragi.

Misato: There's reasons why I'm worn, private ones.

Ritsuko: Kaji's bone?

Misato: Shut your face! Anyway, how's the Third Child doing?

Maya: Just take a look.

Misato: Oh. (looking at the monitor) Wow. I bet knowing this, will
boost his confidence a little.

*In the Entry Plug

Misato: Can you hear me, Shinji?

Shinji: hmm.. Ah, Hi Misato! So how are my test scores looking?

Misato: Great! Your number one!

Shinji: Huh!



Asuka: Oh, it's not just that I lost! It's that he beat us so easily!
He beat us so easily, that it's really pissing me off! Oh,
he's so great, he's so wonderful, he's so awesome! Shinji he's
our hero and he used to be a zero! Ok, so that just makes
our job a little easier, right? Oh, but it also means that the
two of us, will have to be doing double time, just so that
we're not left behind.

Rei: I'm leaving.

Asuka: Ooooh, (punching the door of her locker) Huh!



*In a bus

Announcement: Next stop is Seishou Kabuse, Seishou Kabuse. Convenient
for the Bashar, used books and video game stores.

Shinji: Yeah!

Kids: (chuckle)

Shinji: Huh?... hmm.

Kids: (chuckle)



Staff: 5 minutes until the evacuation of the Western district, can be
completed.

Staff: The target is advancing slowly at approximately 2.5 km per
hour.

Ritsuko: You're late, Major!

Misato: Sorry! What's going on? The Fuji observation centre--

Aoba: --never detected it. It just suddenly appeared right above
us.

Hyuga: The pattern is orange. No AT-Field detected.

Misato: What is that thing?

Ritsuko: A new kind of Angel?

Maya: Unknown, the Magi are withholding their judgement on that.

Misato: Damn. Another situation like this and Commander Ikari is not
here again!



*Three Evas are standing by inside the city

Misato: Can you all hear me? I've sent you all of the known target
data. That's literally all we know right now. Approach it
careful and observe it's reaction. And if possible, try to
lure it outside of the city. I want you all to backup each
other. Is that understood?

Asuka: Yes, ma'am. But don't you think that Shinji, ought to be
taking the point position?

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: Well, it's only right, that a job like this should go to the
highest rated, bravest, number one sychro-ratio holder of them
all, don't you think? Or could it be that you don't feel up to
it, Shinji?

Shinji: I can do it! In fact, I'll show you how it oughta' be done,
Asuka!

Asuka: What was that?!

Misato: Will the two of you, cut it out.

Shinji: Oh, gee. Didn't you tell me, Misato, that I was number one.

Misato: Well, yeah, but I...

Shinji: And after all, combat's a man's job.

Asuka: You chauvinist pig! Unit Two will back him up.

Rei: Unit Zero will backup, as well.

Misato: Oh, I don't believe these kids.

Ritsuko: Shinji's hormones are kicking in, aren't they?

Misato: I'm gonna' have to chew him out, when he gets back.

Ritsuko: Of course, your a model guardian.

Shinji: Ayanami, Asuka. Are you in your positions yet?

Rei: Not yet.

Asuka: You know an Eva can't move that fast, you twit.

*Eva-02's umbilical cable is caught at the building. Asuka purges the
*cable and inserts another one in the back of Eva-02.

Asuka: Shit!

Asuka: There.

Shinji: Are you there?

Shinji (thinking): Alright, I'll stop it myself.

Ritsuko: It vanished!

Misato: Status?

Hyuga: Pattern blue. Angel confirmed, it's right beneath Unit One.

Shinji: A shadow? What the hell is this! This can be happening!

Misato: Shinji, get outta there! Shinji!

Rei: Ikari.

Asuka: You idiot, get your ass in gear!

Shinji: Ahh, ahh! Misato, what's going on? Misato! Help me...! Misato!
Misato!

Misato: Eject that plug! Get him out of there!

Maya: No response. It's not working.

Shinji: Can you hear me Misato, Misato!

Misato: Shinji!

Misato: Asuka, Rei. Rescue Unit One. Hurry!

Asuka: What's the point of only getting A's on tests, if not in the
real world!

Maya: It's gone again.

Ritsuko: Asuka, watch the screen!

Asuka: The shadow?!

Asuka: Ahh!

*Buildings sink into the black shadow.

Asuka: The whole city is sinking...

Misato: Asuka, Rei. Pullback! Get outta there!

Asuka: What?! Huh?

Rei: Unit One and Shinji are still in there!

Misato: This is an order. Withdraw, now.



Maya: Major Katsuragi must feel terrible.

Ritsuko: They reeled Shinji's Umbilical Cable back in, but the other
end was missing.

Maya: Then without power...

Ritsuko: There's not much energy left in the internal batteries. If
Shinji doesn't waste it groping blindly in the dark, if he
stays in the most minimal life-support mode, then he can
survive for 16 hours.



Staff: The second tank battalion, has been deployed.

Staff: Roger. Hold your current positions and stand by.

Staff: Confirmed condition green. New line transmitting data.

Aoba: The UN Force's have surrounded the shadow.

Misato: Movement?

Hyuga: It hasn't moved. It stopped spreading once it passed a
diameter of 600 meters. Speaking of which, is there a reason
for moving all those ground troops in there?

Misato: They're there to help us apply pressure, theoretically.

Asuka: Well, taking matters into his own hands, defying operations, I
guess he got what he was asking for. Just because he got a
little better score than mine, why'd he have to go and try to
show me, how it ought to be done.

Asuka: What? Oh are my comments about Shinji, pissing you off
Wondergirl?

Rei: I wonder, do you only pilot an Eva for the praise of others?

Asuka: What in the hell are you talking about? I don't need to have
anybody's approval, but my own!

Misato: Cut it out, you two. Asuka's right, he acted arbitrarily and
without consulting anyone, so I guess... I'll just have to
punish him, when he comes back.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :16

Sickness Unto Death, And...



Shinji: I never thought that, doing nothing could be this exhausting.

*Shinji activates the monitor.

Shinji: Still nothing but white noise. No radar data or sonar
reflections. It's been 12 hours since I switched to
life-support-mode. Huh... My life will end in 4 or 5 hours...
I'm hungry...



Misato: So that shadow is actually the Angel's body?

Ritsuko: Correct, it's 680 meters in diameter, with a thickness of 3
nanometers. Sustained within that ultra-thin space, is an
inverted AT-Field, inside of that Field is a region of space,
that can only be defined by abstract mathematics, a &quot;Sea of
Dirac.&quot; It could be another universe.

Misato: What about the sphere?

Ritsuko: It disappears, when the imaginary circuit of the body closes.
This implies that the object in the sky is a kind of shadow.

Misato: So the black shadow that swallowed Unit One, is the real
target?

Asuka: Then there's no way we can fight it.



Shinji: Mm... The water is getting cloudy! The purification system is
breaking down... Hah. Mm,mm... it smells in here. Blood, this
place smells like blood. No! I hate this place! Let me out!
Why can't I open this lock! Open up, let me out! Misato, tell
me what's going on! Misato! Asuka! Ayanami! Ritsuko! Father...
Please, someone help me...



Misato: Your gonna' blow the shadow up?

Ritsuko: I'm afraid it's the only possibility that might work. The
Plan is to drop all 992, existing N2 mines into the target's
centre, while simultaneously activating the AT-Fields of both
remaining Evas, in such a way as to disrupt the hypothetical
circuit, that encloses the Angel's pocket interior. If we
concentrate enough explosive power, during that same
microsecond, we could destroy the Angel along with the Dirac
Sea that makes up it's body.

Misato: But the damage to Eva would be... Shinji wouldn't... What in
the hell kind of rescue operation, is this?

Ritsuko: Our priority is to get the Eva back, even if it has to be
destroyed in the process.

Misato: Now wait a second!

Ritsuko: Under these conditions, the pilot's life is irrelevant.

Misato: Ah.

Ritsuko: Aw!

Ritsuko: It's your responsibility, if Shinji's lost, Misato. You seem
to have forgotten that.

Misato: Then why in the hell, are you and Commander Ikari so worried
about recovering Unit One? What's so special about it?

Ritsuko: You've been given all the information, Major.

Misato: That's bull.

Ritsuko: Misato, just trust me. I'm taking command of this entire
operation, effective immediately.

Ritsuko: Forward all flights to Kankuu international airport. Contact
Air Control and Air Transport Divisions...

Misato (thinking): Second Impact, The Instrumentality Project, Adam.
There's so many secrets, that I'm in the dark about...



*In the Entry Plug

Shinji: Who's there? Who?

Shinji': Who Shinji Ikari.

Shinji: That's me.

Shinji': I am you. This self, incorporates another self. The self,
has always been composed of two selves.

Shinji: Two?

Shinji': Yes, the self which is observed and the self which observes
itself. To expound, there is the Shinji Ikari that exists in
your mind. The Shinji Ikari in Misato Katsuragi's mind. The
Shinji Ikari in Asuka Soryu's mind. The Shinji Ikari in Rei
Ayanami's mind. And the Shinji Ikari in Gendo Ikari's mind.
All are different Shinji Ikari's, but each of them is a true
Shinji Ikari. What you fear, is the Shinji Ikari's who exist
in the minds of others.

Shinji: I'm just afraid of being hated.

Shinji': You're afraid of being hurt.

Shinji: Who is bad?

Shinji': Father is. The Father who deserted us.

Shinji: No, I'm the one who's bad.

Asuka (flashback): There you go again, your always apologising.

Asuka (flashback): Do you really think, it's your fault.

Shinji: I'm worthless.

Misato (flashback): No, you just believe that your worthless, Shinji.

Rei (flashback): Don't you trust your own father?

Shinji: I thought I hated my father, but now I'm not sure...

Ikari (voice): That was good work, Shinji.

Shinji: My father called me by my name. I was praised by my father.

Shinji': Will you live the rest of your life regurgitating and
redigesting, those few pleasant memories?

Shinji: If I trust their words, it's enough, enough to keep me alive.

Shinji': Even though, you know your deceiving yourself?

Shinji: Everybody does it. That's how everyone survives.

Shinji': If you will not accept, that you are capable of initiating
change within yourself, you will be unable to continue.

Shinji: This world is filled with too much pain and suffering, to keep
going on.

Shinji': For example, you can't swim?

Shinji: Humans aren't made to float.

Shinji': This is self-deception.

Shinji: I don't care what you wanta call it.

Shinji': You have been shutting your eyes and covering your ears,
making yourself blind and deaf, to that which you wish to
avoid.

Kensuke (voice): His sister was injured during the incident...

Misato (voice): Who cares what the other's say!

Ikari (voice): Leave!

Shinji: No, I don't wanta hear this!

Shinji': See, you're running away from the reality again. No one can
justify their existence, by linking their happiest moments
into a kind of rosary. In particular, I cannot.

Shinji: What's wrong with doing something I wanta do? Why won't you
leave me alone?!



Hyuga: The Entry Plug energy reserves should be reaching their
expiration point, about now.

Maya: The Plug Suit's life support system, will be getting closer to
red line.

Ritsuko: We'll advance the schedule by 12 minutes, let's do it while
there's a possibility that Shinji's still alive.



Shinji: Father, don't you want me? Father!

Shinji': It was yourself that you ran away from.

Voice: That's right, he may be guilty of killing his own wife.

Voice: He killed his own wife.

Shinji: No! Mother was... smiling.

Misato (flashback): Shinji, you did something very important today?

Ikari (flashback): Shinji, you must not run away.

Misato (flashback): You've got to do your best.

Shinji: I hate this place. I hate this loneliness.

Shinji: No. The heat system and the oxygen are giving out. Fu, Fu,
F... I'm cold... The suit is giving out too, so cold... This
is the end... So tired.... of everything...

Shinji: Mother?

Yui: Is this enough? Well, that's good for you.



Aoba: Both Evas are in position and standing by.

Maya: AT-Field's are ready to generate.

Ritsuko: Roger.

Hyuga: T-60 seconds to mine drop.

*The ground rumbles. The &quot;shadow&quot; on the earth cracks.

Asuka: What in the hell is that?

Misato: What's going on?

Hyuga: We don't know!

Maya: All of our meters and gauges, are going off the scale!

Ritsuko: But we haven't done anything yet.

Misato: You think it could be Shinji?

Ritsuko: It's impossible! Unit One's power level must be at zero.

*The &quot;sphere&quot; in the sky suddenly splits and the bloody fingers
*appears from the interior.

Misato and other people: Ah!

*Unit One roars as it splits the sphere.

Asuka: My god, is that what I'm piloting?

Ritsuko: God in heaven... What kind of monster have we made this from?

Misato(thinking): I know that the Evas are more than just copies of
the First Angel, but what is Nerv going to do with them? What
is Nerv going to do with the Evas, once all the Angels have
been destroyed?



*Misato opens the Entry Plug

Misato: Shinji, Shinji, Shinji!

Misato: Shinji, are you alright?! (weeping)

Shinji: I just wanted to see them one more time.

Misato: (weeping)

Asuka: Weren't you going to punish him?

Misato: (weeping)



*In the cage, workers washing Unit One.

Ritsuko: I've never see the Eva looking, as horrifying as it did
today. Are the Evas really on our side? Or do they hate us?
There's something else, I think that Major Katsuragi may
suspect something.

Ikari: Let her be, at least for now.

Ritsuko: If Rei or Shinji were to learn about the Eva secrets, they'd
never forgive us...



*In a hospital room, Shinji wakes up. Rei is by his side.

Rei: You can rest today. We'll take care of everything.

Shinji: But, I'm feeling just fine now.

Rei: Well, that's good for you.

Shinji: Huh...

*Rei leaves the room. Asuka is hiding behind the door.

Asuka: Ah, oh! Mmm...

Shinji: (chuckles)

Shinji: (sniff)

Shinji: It still smells.... like blood.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Disaster strikes the state of Nervada, when the US built Eva
Unit Four, vanishes during it's activation tests. Along with
the entire second branch of Nerv. Was it an explosion, or
something even more sinister? Strangely, Commander Ikari has
little to say about the unexpected incident. As the Seele
Council attempts to adjust their plans, the Fourth Child is
selected in anticipation of the activation of Eva Unit Three.
It's in the next episode: The Fourth Child. And they'll be
more fan service again too.
  