
  Kaji(message): Katsuragi, it's me. I'm sure you're listening to this
message, especially after I caused you so much trouble. Sorry.
Please tell Ritsu "I'm sorry," too. And there's one more thing
to trouble you with. I've been growing flowers. I'd appreciate
it if you could water them for me. Shinji knows where they
are. Katsuragi, the truth is with you. Don't hesitate. Move
ahead! If I can see you again, I will say the words that I
could not say 8 years ago. Bye.

Misato (thinking): Another phone that will never ring...

Sign: I'm on duty, sorry, but leave me alone.

Shinji: Misato's shutting herself off again, as usual.

Sign: Authorised Personal Only.
If you enter without my permission, you will die!
Entry Forbidden!

Shinji: Is Asuka going to come back today?



Hikari (thinking): She skips school, she won't go home, all she does
is play those games.

Asuka: Hikari.

Hikari: Yes.

Asuka: Can I sleep here?

Hikari: Yeah.

Asuka: I'm sorry, I'm inconveniencing you.

Hikari: You're not inconvenient.

Asuka: When I didn't win with my Eva, I lost whatever value I might
have had. I hate, I hate, I hate everything and I hate myself
the most. I don't care about anything anymore, there's no
point.

Hikari: There's nothing to be ashamed of Asuka, you did the best you
could. You should be proud.

Asuka: (weeping)



Ritsuko: So, that child is gone. Yes, even cats die. Don't cry,
grandma. Yes, I'll come home as soon as I have time. I haven't
visited mother's grave in three years. Yes, I'll call you next
time.

Ritsuko: Yeah, so even cats can die.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :23

Tear



Seele: It is impossible to retrieve the Lance of Longinus now.

Seele: Why did you use it?

Seele: And about the Eva series, we don't have them all scheduled
yet.

Ikari: Destroying the Angels is our top priority. There was no other
way.

Seele: No other way? You'd better come up with a more believable
excuse.

Seele: Your actions these days belie a lack of respect for this
Committee.

Ikari: Fuyutsuki, I'm in conference. Understood.

Ikari: Another Angel is approaching. We must finish this later.

Seele: Your assuming you'll still have a seat here.

Lorenz: Are you going to betray us Ikari?



Misato: I'll be there in 15 minutes. Sortie Unit Zero through the 32nd
gate. Use Unit Two as the backup. No I'm sorry, I don't have
the authority to cancel the Commander's freeze on Unit One.
That's right. Bye.

Misato: It's another Angel alright. Damn.



Staff: Unit Zero has launched. Advancing to intercept.

Hyuga: Unit Two, remain in the launch bay.

Ikari: No, move it out.

Hyuga: Sir!

Ikari: No arguments. It might be useful as a decoy, at least.

Hyuga: Right.



Announcement: Eva Unit Two, ready to launch.

Asuka: Here I am in this seat again. Am I even linked to this thing
anymore?

Maya: Unit Two, advance to the 8th gate. Stand ready to move out, as
soon as your launch position is determined.

Asuka: Even if I go, I'll just be a burden on the others.

Aoba: Target approaching. It's passed the final intercept line at
Goura.

Asuka: I just don't care any more.



Aoba: The target is above the Oowakudani Valley. Rotating in a fixed
position.

Hyuga: Target's AT-Field is still active.

Ritsuko: Where have you been?

Misato: I'm sorry, no excuse. Status report?

Aoba: It looks like we're in a stalemate, Major.

Hyuga: He's right, the target's field pattern keeps cyclically from
blue to orange.

Misato: What does that mean?

Maya: The Magi aren't able to answer that question yet.

Aoba: We just don't have enough solid data right now.

Ritsuko: However, I'm certain that it's capable of assuming forms
besides the one we see now.

Misato: So we can't attack first.

Misato: Rei! Let's hold back and study it for a bit.

Rei: No. It's coming.

Misato: Rei, evasive action!

Hyuga: She can't! There's not enough time!

Aoba: Contamination! The target's affecting Unit Zero.

Misato: What's the status on Unit Zero's AT-Field?

Maya: Her AT-Field's up, but it's not stopping the Angel's energy
probe.

Ritsuko: Is the Angel trying to establish first level contact with
Unit Zero? It must be.

Maya: We've got bio-contamination invading Unit Zero.

Misato: Eva Unit Two, roll out! Take some of that heat off of Rei.

Maya: Target's invasion of Unit Zero, continuing.

Ritsuko: This isn't good. More than 5% has already undergone
bio-fusion.

Misato: Asuka, advance 300 meters and spread your AT-Field to maximum.
Then fire your palette gun into the Target's back section.
Eva Unit Two, lift off!

Misato: What are you doing? Asuka move out now! What's wrong with her?

Maya: She can't sync, her sync-ratio is under 10%.

Misato: Asuka!

Asuka: It just won't move, it won't move.

Misato: She's just a target sitting out there. Get her back! Do it
now!



Rei: Who is this? You? Myself and an Eva. No, I sense somebody
other than myself. Who are you? An Angel? Are one of the
beings we call the Angels?

Rei (Angel): Don't you want to become one with me?

Rei: No. I am me. Not you.

Rei (Angel): Hmm, but you shall. It's too late. I will share part of
my mind with you. Let me share with you these emotions. This
is pain. Do you feel this pain?

Rei: This pain? No, it's different. Loneliness.

Rei (Angel): Yes. Loneliness.

Rei: Loneliness? I don't understand.

Rei (Angel): You don't want to be by yourself, correct? We are many
but you are alone. You hate it don't you?

Rei: That is what it is to be lonely?

Rei (Angel): That is what your mind is. It is what fills your soul.
You are that sorrow.



Rei: Is this a tear? Am I the one crying?



Misato: Rei!

Ikari: I want Evangelion Unit One taken out of cryo-stasis. Launch it
immediately.

Misato: What?!

Ikari: I said launch it!

Misato: Yes Sir!



Asuka: Why for her? Am I so worthless you couldn't do this for me?!



Misato: Spread your AT-Field to full. Get Rei out of there now!

Shinji: Right!

Rei: Ikari!

Shinji: Ah!

Rei (Angel): This is my mind and soul, to become one with Ikari.

Rei: You will not!

Maya: Her AT-Field's been reversed! She's got bio-contamination
everywhere!

Ritsuko: She's trying to contain the Angel?

Misato: Rei, abandon Unit Zero! Get out of there!

Rei: I cannot. If I leave Unit Zero the AT-Field will cease to be.
I will not let it.

Misato: Rei, don't do it.

Maya: Her core is collapsing, it's passed critical.

People: Ooh...

Aoba: The target's, disappeared.

Misato: This operation is over. Downgrade alert status to condition
yellow.

Hyuga: Roger. Shifting alert status to condition yellow.

Misato: What's the status of Unit Zero?

Maya: I don't think the entry plug ejected.

Misato: Send out a rescue team.

Ritsuko: If there's anything left to rescue.

Misato: heeah...



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :23

Tear



Staff: Dr. Akagi. We've located the plug.

Staff: Dr. Akagi.

Ritsuko: Classify everything here as top secret. Clean out the plug
and destroy everything.

Staff: Understood.

Staff: Do it now.



The Third Angel
Sachiel

The Fourth Angel
Shamshel

The Fifth Angel
Ramiel

The Sixth Angel
Gaghiel

The Seventh Angel
Israfel

The Eight Angel
Sandalphon

The Ninth Angel
Matarael

The Tenth Angel
Sahaquiel

The Eleventh Angel
Ireul

The Twelfth Angel
Leliel

The Thirteenth Angel
Bardiel

The Fourteenth Angel
Zeruel

The Fifteenth Angel
Arael

The Sixteenth Angel
Armisael

Seele: At last, we have defeated all of the Angels up to the 16th.

Seele: Now there is only one left.

Seele: As it is written in Seele's Dead Sea Scrolls.

Lorenz: The promised time is at hand. The road has been long and the
sacrifices have been great.

Seele: True. We have lost the Lance of Longinus and now Unit Zero.

Seele: That is sufficient reason for removing Ikari.

Seele: Surely he must have understood what the release of Fuyutsuki
meant.

Seele: We shall have to find another cats-paw to use against Ikari.

Lorenz: And this one must know the truth.



Misato: Shinji, may I come in.

Shinji: Misato, I can't cry anymore. I feel the pain, but the tears
won't come. Why is that?

Misato: Shinji, I don't know what to do or say. All I can do is be
here for you.

Shinji: Don't touch me! Just, leave me alone Misato.

Misato: I'm sorry.

Misato (thinking): I know how lonely he must be, does the fact that
I'm a woman frighten him. Or is he afraid of getting close to
anyone.

Misato: Pen-Pen, come here.

Misato (thinking): It's true, anything is better than being alone. And
I'm the one who's lonely.



Phone: (Ring)

Misato: Hello. Yes, what?! Shinji!



The First Cranial Nerve

Announcement: Dr. Odani, First Internal Division, Dr. Odani, please
call Conference Room 2, immediately.

Shinji: Rei!

First Neurological Surgery Dept.
Third Surgical Dept.
2nd Floor Hospital Ward
Radiation Diagnosis
X-Ray Reception

Shinji: I'm so glad, I can't believe you're alive. Why isn't my father
here? Anyway, thank you for saving my life.

Rei: For doing what?

Shinji: You saved me, by sacrificing Unit Zero.

Rei: Oh, did I save you?

Shinji: Don't you remember?

Rei: I just don't know (that). I think, I think I must be the third
one.



402 Ayanami

Rei: I'm seeing these for the first time and yet, this feels like
this is not the first time. Why am, I crying? What am I crying
for?



Ikari: Yes that's right. Put a hold on Rei's, on the First Child's
current status. Just keep your eyes on it, nothing more.

Fuyutsuki: The fact that Rei's even alive, is likely to cause a great
deal of trouble with Chairman Keel.

Ikari: I've given the old men of Seele something else to look at.
There is no problem.



Lorenz: It is our intent to carry out this inquisition in a dignified
manner. It is not our intent to bring any shame upon you.

Ritsuko: I don't feel any shame.

Seele: She's a strong woman. I can see why Ikari wants to keep her
next to him.

Seele: However, were you aware the one who sent you here was none
other than, Ikari himself.

Lorenz: He refused our request for the pilot of Unit Zero and has sent
you here in her stead, Dr. Akagi.

Ritsuko (thinking): He sent me instead of her.



Sign: I'm on duty, sorry, but leave me alone.

Kaji(message): The way to the truth, which you wanted, was sent by 36
other methods. But they won't reach you. The only way that is
guaranteed is this capsule. This is all I have. Now it is
completely up to you as to how to use this. The pass-code is
our first memory. Goodbye and take care.

Misato (thinking): The silence from you no longer hurts as much as it once did.

Misato: Not since you gave me, your heart and soul.



Seele: So, has Dr. Akagi's disposition proved acceptable?

Seele: She is not like Fuyutsuki. It's more beneficial for us to
release her.

Seele: The woman has rendered a remarkable service to the Eva series.
Let her continue to be of use for a while.

Seele: For the future of mankind.

Seele: As for the Evangelions themselves, there are now eight under
construction.

Seele: And four that are not.

Lorenz: The disappearance of Tokyo-3 will prove to be a boom to the
project. We must accelerate the completion. On that day, the
promised time will be at hand.



Shinji: Hello.

Ritsuko: Listen to me carefully. For the next few minutes you'll be
free from the secret service. Come here now, while you can.

Shinji: Ritsuko...



Ritsuko: mm?

Misato: Sorry it won't work without my password.

Ritsuko: I see. Did Kaji arrange this?

Misato: Show them to me, all the secrets you've buried here.

Ritsuko: Alright, but this one will see them as well.

Misato: Agreed.



Shinji: This looks just like Rei's room.

Ritsuko: That's not surprising. This is the place where Rei was born.

Shinji: She was what?

Ritsuko: She was born here. The visions of light and water, that
stream through her consciousness, are merely reflections of
this place.

Misato: Dr. Akagi, this isn't what I came to see.

Ritsuko: I know that, Misato.



Shinji: Is that an Eva?

Ritsuko: The first one, a failure. We abandoned it 10 years ago.

Shinji: A graveyard for Evas.

Ritsuko: Nothing that elaborate, just a dumping ground. It's also the
place where your mother was taken from you. You may not
remember it, but you were watching at the very moment when
your mother disappeared. Do you remember that, Shinji?

Shinji: Aha!

Misato: Doctor!



Misato: So, this is the core of the Dummy plug?

Ritsuko: This is where we produce the components.

Shinji: Oh my God! It's Rei! Ah!

Misato: They're all Rei. You mean the Dummy plugs are?...

Ritsuko: Ah-ha. These are the cores of the Dummy plugs. They're what
makes the system work.

Misato: Who are they?

Ritsuko: These, these are empty vessels. Nothing but spare parts,
spare Reis'. Mankind found a God and man, in his folly, tried
to make the God his toy. For that arrogance mankind was
punished. That happened 15 years ago. And the God that man
found was lost. But man continues to attempt resurrect the God. And
from that God, Adam, man attempted to make a man who was like
a God himself. And that was Eva.

Shinji: What? Evas are human?

Ritsuko: Yes. Inside the empty shell of each Eva is a human soul. But
the only vessel which can hold a soul, is Rei. These things
are empty husks, they have no souls, no right to live. The
room of Gaff, is empty.

Misato: Huh! Stop this! Do you have any idea what you're doing?!

Ritsuko: Yes I know. I'm destroying them. These aren't human, just
things with human forms. But even so, I lost to these things,
to these soulless dolls. I couldn't win. I could've suffered
any humiliation, endured any torture. But he had already
chosen... God I'm a fool. Like mother like daughter, fools to
the end. If you want to kill me, go ahead and do it, I welcome
death.

Misato: If that's what you want, you are a fool.

Ritsuko: (crying.)

Misato (thinking): What is this curse that consumes those who come
into contact with Eva?



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: The city is gone, his friends have left. Now a boy comes upon
Shinji, his smile melts it's way into Shinji's frozen heart.
Destiny's cruel fingers however, have a tragedy in store. It's
the next episode: The Final Messenger.

Boy: Don't you feel so Shinji?

Asuka: Nobody cares about me anyway.

Misato: What can I do, Mom?

Shinji: You betrayed me!

Ikari: Or to bring the destruction?

Misato: I can't afford to care about the method.

Boy: You are like me.










take ［turn］ the heat off a person/take ［turn］ off the heat : 〈人に〉圧力をかけるのをやめる；〈人を〉疑い［責任］から解放する
take the heat out of .../remove the heat from ... : ((略式))…から興奮［不安］を取り除く, …の危機を収める
  