
  *Shinji is in the entry plug of Eva Unit One.

*He is being trained by Ritsuko, who is in charge of the development
*of Eva.

*Ritsuko instructs him from the operations room.

Ritsuko: Good morning, Shinji. How's it going?

*Shinji's face has no animation and his speaks in a monotonous voice.
*He seems totally lifeless.

Shinji: No problems... I think I'm getting use to it.

Ritsuko: That's good. Have you memorised the positions of all the Eva
emergence locations, emergency power junctions, armament
equipment buildings and recovery zones?

Shinji: I guess so.

Ritsuko: Well, let's review it now. Normally the Eva runs off
electricity provided by an umbilical cable. In emergencies it
can switch to a built in battery, with an active life of one
minute at full power, and no more than five minutes in the
minimal activity gain mode. This is due to our current limit
and battery capacity technology. Do you understand?

Shinji: Yes.

Ritsuko: Now, let's continue from where we left off yesterday.
Initiate 'Induction Mode.'

*The panel shows information on the internal battery of Eva:

#Japanese words are with English. "ACTIVE TIME REMAINING" ,
#"INTERNAL" , "MAIN BATTERY SYSTEM" . Eva usually can move with
#the internal battery for only 5 minutes.

*Eva aims the rifle at the Angel which appeared in Episode 1.

*The targeting display

Ritsuko: Position the target in the centre... Then squeeze the trigger
switch on.

*Eva fires the rifle, missing the target.

Ritsuko: Take it easy. Position the target in the centre.

Shinji: Pull the switch...

*Eva fires the rifle again and defeats the Angel.

Ritsuko: Next!



*Eva with some cables attached is seen through the windows of the
*operations room.

*Eva continually fires the rifle, again and again.

Maya: You know, I can't help but wonder why Shinji agreed to pilot
again.

Ritsuko: It seems that he simply does what he's told to do. I suppose
that's just his way of getting through life.

*Shinji looks haggard and vacant. He repeats his instructions like a
*zombie.

Shinji: Position target in the centre, and pull the switch...
Position target in the centre, and pull the switch...
Position target in the centre, and pull the switch...
Position target in the centre, and pull the switch...
Position target in the centre...



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE: 3

A Transfer / The Phone That Never Rings



*The apartment where Misato and Shinji live together.

*Female voice is coming from a radio.

*Shinji knocks on the FUSUMA of Misato's room and slides it open.

*Misato has tucked herself into her FUTON(bed).

#A fusuma is a papered sliding door which is used to partition
#off rooms in a Japanese house.

Shinji: Miss. Misato, it's morning already.

*Misato answers him by tucking deeper herself into her FUTON. She
*seems very sleepy.

Misato: I just got back from night duty a little while ago, I don't
have to go to work until this evening so please let me sleep.

Shinji: Ok, I'll go...

Misato: Hey, isn't today Thursday? It's burnable trash day, take it to
the garbage please.

Shinji: Ok.

Misato: So how's school?

Shinji: Um, It's Ok.

Misato: Ok, see-ya. (ITTERASSHAI)

Shinji: I'll see you later. (ITTEKIMASU)

#JAPANESE GREETING LESSON: We always say 'ITTERASSHAI' when
#someone who belongs to the place leave there. We always say
#'ITTEKIMASU' when we leave home (or the place where we belong
#to, like the office).



*Shinji puts the garbage in the collection area for the residents of
the apartment.

#JAPANESE SOCIAL RULES LESSON: We must separate garbage.
#Thursday is the day for burnable garbage collection in the area
#where Misato live.



*There is a phone call for Misato.

*Misato's room is still very untidy, but cleaner than it was.

*She picks up the receiver. She is still under the covers in her
*futon.

Misato: Yes? Hello. Oh, it's you, Ritsuko?

Ritsuko: How's it going? Are you getting along with him?

Misato: Him? Ah, Shinji. Well, it's been two weeks since he started
school and he doesn't seem to have changed. No one ever calls
him.

Ritsuko: Calls him where?

*The cellular phone which she gave him is on his desk.



*Shinji is walking to school alone.

Misato: Well, since I figured he'd be needing one, I gave him a
cellular phone. I don't think he's ever used it though, or
received any calls. I'm not sure but, I don't think he has any
friends.

*Ritsuko is calling from her desk in the office.

Ritsuko: Well, I would guess that Shinji isn't exactly the sort of
person who makes friends easily. Do you know the fable the
"Hedgehogs' dilemma"?



*Shoes boxes of the school.

Misato: Hedgehog? You mean those animals with the spiny hair?




*Classmates are talking and playing in the classroom.

Ritsuko: Even though a hedgehog may want to become close with another
hedgehog, the closer they get, the more they injure each other
with their spines. It's the same with some humans. The reason
he seems so withdrawn, is because he's afraid of being hurt.

*Shinji enters the classroom silently.

*Rei is sitting alone at her desk, staring outside.

Misato: Well, he's just, going to have to learn, someday, that part of
growing up means, finding a way to interact with others,
without distancing pain.

*Misato's and Ritsuko's conversation ends.

*Kensuke is playing with a model airplane. While recording it with
*his video camera.

Kensuke: Gyuunn, Dogyugyugyuuun

Kensuke: What's up, Class Rep?

*Hikari has a class journal.

#Horaki Hikari is a class representative(IINCHO). Kensuke calls
#her 'IINCHO'. I'm not sure if there are the similar title of
#schools outside Japan.

Hikari: Did you deliver the printout I gave you yesterday?

#A print is a piece of paper which is written the information or
#messages from the school to the parents of the students.

Kensuke: What? Ah, Well, um, there wasn't anyone home at Toji's
place.

Hikari: Mr. Aida, aren't you Suzuhara's friend, aren't you even just a
little bit worried about him?

Kensuke: You don't suppose he was injured, do you?

Hikari: What? You mean in that robot incident? The television reports
all said that nobody was injured.

*The centre of the explosion

Kensuke: No way! You saw where the explosion on Mt. Toconosu was,
didn't you? There were fighters scrambled from Iruma and
Komatsu, and there were troops from Misawa and Kyushu. I'll
bet at least 10 or 20 people were injured. And there had to be
a few fatalities, too...

*Toji enters the classroom.

Kensuke: Toji!

Hikari: Suzuhara!

Toji: Where is everyone, has our entire class disappeared or what?

Kensuke: They've all either evacuated, or they've transferred to other
schools. No one wants to stay here after that last battle
inside the city.

Toji: Yeah, you're probably the only one who's actually enjoying the
chance to see a real war.

Kensuke: That's true. And speaking of which, where have you been Toji?
Why were you absent so long? Did you get involved in the war?

Toji: No, but my little sister did... she was crushed under a pile
of debris. She survived but, she's been in the hospital ever
since. Both my dad and granddad are working at the lab and
there's no way they can leave their posts. So, if I'm not with
her she's all alone. That robot's pilot was really dumb! It
makes me so angry. How could he wreck our own city?! What did
that stupid idiot think he was doing?!

Kensuke: Speaking of the pilot, have you heard the rumor about the
transfer student?

Toji: What transfer student?

Kensuke: Him over there. He transferred in while you were absent.
Right after the giant robot incident. Don't you think that's a
little bit of an odd coincidence?

*A teacher comes in.

Hikari: All rise!

#At the beginning and the end of a lesson, we stand up, bow and
#sit down to the shouts of a student like 'All rise!', 'Bow' and
#'Sit down'.

*An empty classroom

*A blackboard

*Portable computers on the desks of the students

Teacher: And so humankind, was about to face its greatest trial. In
the last year of the 20th century, the massive meteor from
outer space slammed into the continent of Antarctica. The
continent's ice cap was melted almost instantaneously. Water
level of the oceans increased dramatically, the earth was
thrown off its axis, and new devastatingly abnormal weather
patterns were spawned. The lives of all living things on the
planet were threatened. Several thousand species of flora and
fauna and half of the world's human population were lost in
the immediate aftermath, of the disaster.

*Calling sound from Shinji's computer

Teacher: That was the so called Second Impact,--

*The following message on Shinji's display

E-mail: "Is it true that you're the pilot? Y/N"

Teacher: --the survivors still had to live through the hell of
worldwide economic collapse, ethnic conflicts, and civil wars.

*Shinji is surprised and tries to find the sender.

Teacher: However, it has been 15 since then--

*The next message comes to prompt him to answer.

E-mail: Your the one, right? Y/N

Teacher: --and in only 15 years we have restored ourselves. This is
certainly proof of the human race's resilience.

*Shinji inputs "YES".

*Many students stand and gather around him.

Students: Ehhh!!

*The teacher stands beside the windows and looks outside through them.
*He is too old to hear the noise the students make.

Teacher: But even more so, it is the fruit of the blood, sweat and
tears of fathers and mothers, who were dedicated to this
cause.

Teacher: I lived in Nebukawa. At the time, but it's underwater now...

*Hikari stands up and shouts...

Hikari: Hey, sit down you guys! We're still in class, you know! Sit
down, now!

*Rei has no interest in the fuss and as before continues to stare
*outside.

Boy: Ah, forget her, come on!

Hikari: Now, cut that out!

*Shinji, surrounded by the students, is pelted with questions.

Shinji: Huh, well you know?

Girl: Hey, how did you get chosen?

Girl: Did you have to take a test?

Girl: Weren't you really scared?

Girl: What's the cockpit look like?

Shinji: I'm not suppose to talk about classified stuff like that...

Girl: Hey, what's the name of that robot?

Shinji: I don't know much, but everyone calls it Eva, or Unit One...

Girl: Eva?

Boy: Hey, what's its optimum attack mode?

Shinji: Ah, some kind of vibrating knife... an ultrasonic wave...

Girl: That's amazing! We are so proud of you

*The chime which tells the end of the lesson rings.

Teacher: --and thus... Oh?

Teacher: That's all for the day.

Girl: Ikari, where do you live?

Girl: In the outer part of the city?

Hikari: Everybody stand up! Bow!... Hey you guys can't you at least
show some manners...



*Toji hits Shinji behind the school building in the schoolyard.
*Shinji falls to the ground.

Toji: Sorry, newcomer, but I had to clobber you. I had to pop you
one to work off my own anger.

Kensuke: He's mean huh, his little sister was injured the last time
you and your robot fought a battle.

Kensuke: Well, that's his excuse anyway.

Shinji: I didn't have a choice, they made me pilot the stupid thing.

*Toji comes back and hits Shinji again.

*Rei comes and says:

Rei: There's an emergency... I'll report in first...

*Rei runs away.



*A Siren

Announcement: A special state of emergency has been declared for the
Kanto and Chubu regions surrounding the Tokai district. All
residence must evacuate to their designated shelters,
immediately.

*An Angel approaches.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE: 3

A Transfer / The Phone That Never Rings



*Fuyutsuki commands.

Aoba: Our cameras have sighted the target. It's penetrated our
territorial waters.

Fuyutsuki: Assume battle stations! Level 1!

Misato: Roger. Prepare for anti-aircraft interception!

Hyuga: Tokyo-3 transforming to battle formation.

Staff: Initiate accommodation of the central block!

*The complete view of Tokyo-3...

*Many tall buildings sink and are put underground.

*The buildings hang down from the ceiling of the underground city.

Staff: Accommodation of the central block in the first through seven
districts has been completed.

Aoba: Notification of the government and other related ministries,
completed.

Staff: The present effective rate of anti-aircraft interception, 48%.

Misato: Status of civilians and non-combatants?

Aoba: We've received reports that civilian evacuation has been
completed.



#GEO-SHELTER
#334
#334th Underground Shelter
#Tokyo-3 Disaster Prevention dept.
#Total Floor Space: 2000 sq. meters
#Maximum Occupancy: 250

*Many students are in the shelter but they aren't very serious.

Staff: Attention, elementary school and junior-high school students,
please form groups with your individual classes. Residents,
please group yourselves according to block numbers.

*Display (Probably similar messages on all TV channels)

#A state of special emergency has been announced for all the
#Kanto and Chubu areas surrounding the Tokai.
#
#We will bring you new reports as soon as we receive new
#information.

*Kensuke is operating his video camera.

Kensuke: Not, again!

Toji: Just text messages again.

Kensuke: It's news censorship. The government won't let them show any
of the battle to us civilians, even though it's an incredible
historic event...



*Flying Angel shown on the screen.

Misato: The fourth Angel would show up while Commander Ikari is away.
It's a lot sooner than we expected.

Hyuga: The last time they gave us 15 years. This time around the
breaks been only 3 weeks.

Misato: They never care about our situation, do they? They're the kind
we women hate the most.



*Normal weapons heavily assault the Angel, but have no effect.



Fuyutsuki: It's a waste of the taxpayers money.

Aoba: The Committee is demanding that we dispatch an Evangelion
again.

Misato: They're more obnoxious than the aliens! I'd have mobilised
even if they hadn't asked!



Staff: Entry procedure initiated.

Maya: LCL oxygenated. Releasing airlock.

Shinji (thinking): Why am I piloting this thing again, even though my
father's not here?

Shinji (thinking): Even though I was beaten?...



Kensuke: Hey, I need to talk to you privately for a second...

Toji: What for?

Kensuke: Come on, please?

Toji: Oh, all right.

Toji: Hey, Class Rep!

Hikari: Now what?

Toji: We've both gotta go to the bathroom.

Hikari: You were suppose to do that before you came here.



Toji: So what's this all about?

Kensuke: I've gotta see it, at least once in my life.

Toji: You mean the battle up there?

Kensuke: Nobody knows when the enemy will come the next time...

Toji: Kensuke, are you serious!

Kensuke: If we let this opportunity escape us, we may lose it forever.
Please help me unlock the gate.

Toji: But you can get killed if you go out there.

Kensuke: If we stay here in the shelter, who's to say that the risk
isn't the same. If I might be killed anyway, I'd rather see it
first.

Toji: You idiot! What do you think Nerv's for?!

Kensuke: And what is Nerv's most important weapon? It's the robot that
new kid pilots! He protected us the other day, but you hit him
pretty hard. Twice!

Kensuke: If he refuses to fight, we're all gonna' die! Doesn't that
make it your obligation to watch him fight?

Toji: Ok, you're not leaving me any options. You'll do just about
anything to get what you want, won't you?

Kensuke: Ahaha...



Misato: Shinji, are you ready?

Shinji: Yeah.

Ritsuko: First neutralise the enemy's AT-Field, then fire a volley, do
it just like we practiced, can you handle that?

Shinji: Yeah.

Misato: Launch Eva!

*Eva is launched.



*Eva is going up.

*Kensuke and Toji are running up the stone stairs of the shrine in
*the mountain.

*Angel flies in to stand in the city.

Kensuke: Cool! All my efforts really paid off. I've been waiting for
this moment all my life!

*Eva appears.

Kensuke: There it is!

*Shinji repeats murmuring the instructions like a spell.

Shinji: Position target in the center and pull the switch, position
target in the center and pull the switch,...

Maya: AT-Field has been unfolded.

Misato: Do it just like we planned, Ok Shinji?

Shinji: Ok.

*Eva shoots the rifle at the Angel.

Misato: Idiot! You hit the enemy with your own smoke!

*The Angel suddenly attacks Eva with its feelers.

Toji: I don't believe it, he's losing already.

Kensuke: It's not a problem.

Misato: I'm sending you a spare rifle. Take it!

*The door of the building is opened.

*Shinji is trembling with fear.

Misato: Shinji, Shinji...

Kensuke: Gees! Been beaten up must of really messed him up.

Toji: Oh shut up!

*Angel attacks heavily and severs Eva's power supply cable.

*The display which shows the active time remaining of Eva.

Aoba: The umbilical cable's been snapped off!

Hyuga: Eva has switched to its internal battery power source.

Maya: 4 minutes, 53 seconds of activation remaining!

Shinji: Ah!

*Angel grasps Eva's ankle and throws it at the mountain where Kensuke
*and Toji are.

Kensuke: It's coming this way!

*Eva falls near Kensuke and Toji.

Misato: Shinji, are you all right?! Shinji!

Misato: Damage report?

Hyuga: There's no problems detected. He can make it!

*Shinji is badly shocked at finding his classmates near Eva.

*Information on Kensuke and Toji is shown on the display of the
*operation room.

Misato: Those are Shinji's classmates?

Ritsuko: What are they doing there?

*Angel flies toward Eva and attacks. Eva grabs one of the Angel's
*feelers but doesn't attack it.

Toji: Why isn't he fighting back?

Kensuke: Maybe he can't move because we're down here. He can't because
of us!

Maya: Activation time remaining 3 minutes, 28 seconds!

Misato: Shinji, let them into the cockpit. Once you've got them make a
temporary retreat. We'll start again later!

Ritsuko: What makes you think that unauthorised civilians are can be
allowed into the entry plug?!

Misato: I'm authorising it.

Ritsuko: You're exceeding your authority, Captain!

Maya: Unit One's remaining activation time 3 minutes!

Misato: Shinji, hold Eva on your current commands and eject the entry
plug! Hurry up and do it.

*The entry plug is ejected.

Misato: You two, get in! Now!

*Blackout.

Toji: What the? It's water!

Kensuke: My camera! My camera!

*Ritsuko and Maya check the information on the status display.

Maya: Abnormal conditions occurring in the nervous system!

Ritsuko: Of course, you've allowed to foreign bodies into the matrix.
They are noise in the nerve impulse systems.

Shinji: Ah...

*Angel is thrown away by Eva.

Misato: Retreat! Get out of there!

*Eva slowly stands.

Misato: Utilise recovery route 34. Retreat to the east side of the
mountain!

Toji: Hey, new kid! She said retreat, new kid!

*Shinji begins to murmur the same phrase like a spell.

Shinji: I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away...

*Eva removes a the Progressive Knife from the shoulder section.

Hyuga: The Progressive Knife's been engaged!

*Shinji looks so haggard and vacant.

Misato: Obey my order, Shinji! You've got to retreat! Shinji!

*Shinji goes berserk! Eva makes a dash for the Angel!

Shinji: Uhaaaaaaaaah!

Misato: That idiot!

*Angel stabs Eva's body with the feelers.

Shinji: Uhaaaaaaaaah!

*Eva(Shinji) madly stabs the red area in the center of Angel's body
*with the Progressive Knife.

Maya: Unit One, activation time remaining 30 seconds, 28, 27...

*Sparks fly out.

Maya: ...14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

Maya: Eva Unit One, activation [ceased ?].

Hyuga: The target is completely silent.

*Shinji is heavily sobbing in the pilot seat.



*It's raining.

*Kensuke is using a computer.

Toji: It's been three days...

Kensuke: You mean, since we were chewed out...

Toji: No, since he stopped coming to school.

Kensuke: Who's "he"?

Toji: The new kid! Who else would I mean? I wonder what he's been
doing since then?

Kensuke: Are you worried about him?

Toji: No, not exactly worried...

Kensuke: Toji, for someone who's so blunt and tactless, your pretty
stubborn. If you had apologised to him back then, you wouldn't
have had to agonise over it for three days.

*Kensuke hands a piece of paper to Toji.

Kensuke: Here, this is the new kid's phone number, take it. If you're
so worried, why don't you call him.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: As the dreary rain pours down, Shinji overwhelmed and unable
to over come his weaknesses, tries to run away from Misato.
It's acceptable however, considering that he's only fourteen.
The organisation brings back the aimlessly wandering Shinji.
There are no kind words waiting to ease his feelings, except
from the two boys. It's the next episode: Rain, Escape &
Afterwards. And maybe I'll give you a little fan service next
time, too.










clobber　: …をこっぴどくぶん殴る, 激しく打つ
fight back : (自)（…に）抵抗する
chew ... out/chew out ... : ((米略式))〈人を〉きつくしかる
  