
  Ikari: So, I owe you once again.

Telephone: You're not going to pay me back anyway are you? Speaking of
which, regarding the materials that they demanded under the
freedom of information act, I handled it by giving them some
falsified data. The government is proceeding with legal
action, but that will be blocked any day now. So should I do
something about that project as well?

Ikari: No, judging by the material you've sent me, it appears there
will be no need.

Telephone: Then I'll proceed with the plan.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :7

The Human Creation



Shinji: Ah... Good morning.

Misato: (yawn) Good morning.

Misato: Yeee haaa!! That's the way to start your morning!

Shinji: What's wrong with coffee?

Misato: You got a problem with tradition. Don't you know that a
traditional Japanese breakfast is steamed rice, miso-soup, and
a little sake!

Shinji: Your tradition, maybe...

Misato: Excuse me?

Shinji: And incidentally, just whose turn was it supposed to be to cook
today?

Misato: Aggg.

Shinji: Well, now I know why a woman your age is still single. You're
bound to be an old maid Misato.

Misato: Are you saying that I'm lazy?

Shinji: And sloppy, too.

Misato: Oh, just leave me alone!

Shinji: I'm finished. So, are you really coming to my school today?

Misato: Of course I am. It's your parent-teacher meeting.

Shinji: But you're just so busy at work...

Misato: Oh, it's no problem, your part of my job anyway.

Shinji: Oh, so it's just part of your job, huh?

Misato: Oh.

Misato: Hi..., oh, thanks for coming. Yes he's getting ready. I'll
come let you in...

Shinji: Misato, you shouldn't go outside dressed like that, it's
embarrassing.

Misato: I, know.

Toji & Kensuke: Good morning, Ikari. Hey, Misato. We're taking off
now!

Misato: Be careful.

Toji & Kensuke: Wow!

Shinji: Oh, come on!



Misato: (sigh), Ironic? The way he's getting more casual in expressing
his feelings is a good trend.

Misato: Yes, he's just left. Make sure you keep your eyes on him.



Toji: Yahoo, she really came.

Student: Is she Ikari's guardian?

Student: What, he's got a babe like that for a bodyguard?!

Hikari: Those idiots.

Toji: Oh, Misato's so gorgeous!

Shinji: Yeah, right.

Toji: It's amazing someone so beautiful, can be Nerv's Operations
Director.

Shinji: Oh, I don't think so...

Girl student: Well, you know my mum...

Toji: Hey, Kensuke, it's a good thing that Shinji's such a baby.

Kensuke: Yeah, he's no rival for us.

Shinji (thinking): You guys don't know what a slob she is...

Toji: Man, I wish Misato were my girlfriend!

Shinji: Oh-no you don't...

Toji & Kensuke: You just don't get it, do you?! Ok, you can handle
keeping the Earth safe and the two of us will take care of
Misato!

Shinji: Ohh...



Announcement: Unit One has achieved the required cooling level,
shifting operation to stage two.

Shinji: Keeping the Earth safe. That's what Eva's for. Come to think
of it just, what is Eva? This entry plug smells a lot like,
blood. But I feel so comfortable and relaxed here. Now that I
think of it, I don't know anything about it.



Ritsuko: What's the status of Unit Zero's bio-chest components?

Maya: It was seriously damaged. So, we'll have to make an entirely
new one, even though it's pretty close to our auxiliary
budgets limits.

Ritsuko: Will our job get any simpler once we get Unit Two from
Germany?

Hyuga: Ah, they could go just the other way. Disposing of those dead
Angels' costs a bundle.

Misato: Yeah, this place is ridiculously under-financed, especially
since mankind's future rests on us.

Ritsuko: It can't be helped. Man cannot live by Eva alone. All those
survivors need money to live too.

Misato: Money, money, money... So, is the commander off to another
conference again?

Ritsuko: Yes. He's onboard and en route now.

Maya: Thank God for a little peace and quiet...



A Man: Excuse me... Do you mind if I sit here?

Ikari: Go ahead.

A Man: The revised budget for the sample collection passed quite
easily, didn't it?

Ikari: The Committee's main concern is for their own survival, they
won't be so budget conscience when their own lives are at
stake.

A Man: Yes, they use to think there were no more Angels. And I have
more good news, all the permanent members of the Security
Council except the United States, have approved the budget
for Eva Unit Six. It's just a matter of time before the U.S.
approves it as well. The Americans seem to be allergic to
unemployment, but they'll learn.

Ikari: And your country?

A Man: We will participate in the construction beginning with Unit
Eight. The plans for the second installation project are still
viable. However, a pilot has not yet been found.

Ikari: The Angels have returned. We will have no other choice but to
defeat them.

A Man: My people do not want a repeat of the Second Impact, either.
You understand that?



Shinji: You mean that everything I've learned about Second Impact is
wrong?

Ritsuko: Yes, the history books say that it was a disaster caused by a
massive meteorite. But most of the true facts have been
concealed through international government cover-ups. 15 years
ago, in Antarctica, mankind discovered the being known as the
first Angel. In the middle of the investigation however, for
unknown reasons, the Angel exploded, that is the real truth
about the Second Impact.

Shinji: Then, the things we're doing here are...

Ritsuko: Are to prevent a probable Third Impact before it happens.
That is the sole purpose of Nerv and the Evangelions. By the
way Misato, the event will occur tomorrow as scheduled.

Misato: I understand.



Pen-Pen: Puwa!

Misato: Good morning!

Shinji: Ahh, G.. G.. Good morning Misato.

Misato: I'm going to Old Tokyo on business. I'll probably be getting
back late tonight, so have something delivered for dinner.
Bye.

Shinji: Ok, um, sure.



Misato: It's hard to believe that this place used to be the flourishing
capital known as Tokyo.

Ritsuko: We're here.

Misato: Why are they having this in a place like this. Is the SSDF
getting involved?

Ritsuko: The Strategic Self Defense Force? No, they're not allowed to
interfere.

Misato: I see, that's why they can do whatever they like. (sigh)



Chairman: Thank you, Thank you. I'd like to thank you all for coming
to this special demonstration of Japan Heavy Chemical
Industrial Co-operative's latest product. In a few minutes
we'll be taking you up to the Control Room, to observe the
actual demonstration. But first we'll be answering some of
your questions here.

Ritsuko: Yes.

Chairman: Ah, the famous Dr. Ritsuko Akagi. It's our pleasure to have
you here for this demonstration.

Ritsuko: Thank you, may I ask you a question?

Chairman: Of course, certainly.

Ritsuko: The unit is equipped with an internal nuclear reactor, is
this correct?

Chairman: Correct. This is our product's most distinguished feature,
guaranteeing 150 days of continuous operating power.

Ritsuko: I see, but from a safety perspective isn't it rather risky to
incorporate a nuclear reactor in a land based weapon designed
for hand-to-hand combat.

Chairman: We think it's more practical than a weapon that won't work
for more than 5 minutes.

Ritsuko: But, in an emergency there would be problems with
remote-control.

Chairman: But it's more humane than a system that induces tremendous
mental stress and causes mental instability in the pilot.

Misato: Cut it out. Your acting like children.

Ritsuko: And there's still the issue of manual control.

Chairman: I would think that it is much safer, than an extremely
dangerous weapon that's been known to run out of control and go
berserk in the middle of a city. A weapon that cannot be
controlled is insane, it's like an hysterical woman,
completely out of control.

Ritsuko: Our technology will be able to control it.

Chairman: So your saying that science and human courage will tame the
savage Eva beast? Are you serious?

Ritsuko: Yes, of course I'm serious.

Chairman: And because it depends on something as fragile as a human
heart, Nerv has allowed the situation to get completely out of
control. The UN has already had to approve an enormous
supplement to your existing budget, and as a result 20
thousand people in a dozen countries are staving to death. Of
course the actual cause of all this is still under
investigation. Why don't you at least take responsibility for
your handiwork, how fortunate that your organisation is above
the law.

Ritsuko: It doesn't matter what you say, the fact is that Nerv has the
only weapon capable of defeating the enemy.

Chairman: You mean the AT-Field? That is simply a matter of time and
research, Nerv's day in the sun will not last forever.



Misato: Damn him! Those jerks are just pissed off about been cut out
of their share of the loot! Oooooh I wanta rip off that smug
face of his and shove it into this locker, then I'll kick it
and kick it and kick it!

Ritsuko: Cut that out! Behave yourself. He's just a show off begging
for praise and adulation. He's petty, not worthy of attention.

Misato: Yeah, but how did that smug SOB know about the AT-Field?

Ritsuko: How could something so classified leak out.

Misato: Intelligence must be dragging it's ass.



Chairman: We are ready to begin the Jet Alone activation test. Don't
worry folks, there's no risk at all. Please make yourselves
comfortable and watch through the observation window. We are
ready to begin.

Chairman: Start the test.

Staff: Discharging the power core.

Staff: Pressure levels normal.

Staff: Coolant system circulation normal.

Staff: Release the control rods.

Staff: The reactor has reached nominal power status. Output is
normal.

Chairman: Begin walk cycle.

Staff: Walking, forward ahead slow. Forward right leg.

Staff: Roger. Walk, forward ahead slow. Forward right leg.

Staff: Balance is nominal. Power core status nominal.

Staff: Roger. Now, forward left leg. Keep her steady.

Staff: Roger. Forward left leg. Maintaining balance.

Misato: Good boy, it's walking. That's certainly something to be proud
of.

Chairman: What's wrong?

Staff: This is odd. The pressure inside the reactor is increasing!

Staff: The temperature of the primary coolant system is also rising.

Chairman: Valve open! Insert the neutron-deceleration fluid!

Staff: No effect. The pump output isn't increasing!

Staff: Initiating valve system check.

Chairman: All right! Emergency stop! Cut off the power!

Staff: Abort signal transmission confirmed.

Staff: It's not accepting it! The radio circuit is being blocked.

Staff: It's out of control!

Chairman: This can't be happening.

Spectator: It's coming right at us!

Spectator: Oh my God! No!

Misato: cough, cough...

Misato: This robot's as badly behaved as the idiot who built it!

Staff: The compression valve is operating irregularly. The control
rods aren't working.

Staff: Possibility of meltdown imminent.

Chairman: Impossible! The Jet Alone's onboard computer system has been
programmed to handle all possible contingencies and scenarios.
This kind of thing simply cannot happen!

Misato: Well then, your about to have an impossible nuclear meltdown
out there.

Chairman: Under the present circumstances our only viable option is to
wait for it to stop itself.

Misato: And how likely is that?

Staff: 0.0002%. It would be an act of God!

Misato: Acts of men are better than acts of God! Tell me how to stop
that thing!

Chairman: We've already tried every possible option.

Misato: Not yet. There's got to be a last resort, a way to wipe out
everything. Tell me the password.

Chairman: The password to delete all programming is top-secret. I
don't have the authority to release it. I'm sorry, but I'm not
allowed to tell you.

Misato: Then you'd better get the clearance bucko! Do it!

Chairman: Tokido here, let me speak to Mr. Manda in Tokyo-2. That's
right, the Director of Internal Affairs.

Manda: Well, I'll have to delegate that to Mr. Yasugi, ask him.

Yasugi: Well I can't give you authorisation for such and important
matter verbally, could you submit a written request?

Chairman: So now I need to get Mr. Yoshizawa's permission? What? Yes,
I've already gotten approval from Mr. Uitu. Yes. Yes. Ok.

Misato: Bureaucracies.

Chairman: A written order of clearance will be sent, I'll give you the
password then.

Misato: We can't wait that long! Once Jet Alone's reactor red-lines,
it'll be too late!

Staff: Jet Alone is heading for Atsugi city.

Misato: Time's running out. I'm taking the responsibility for this
operation myself. You can wait here.



Misato: Hyuga. I want you to roll out the transport and bring Shinji
and Unit One with the F equipment up here, right now. Yes,
this is an emergency!

Ritsuko: This is pointless! Call this off, Captain Katsuragi. Do you
have any idea as to how to stop it?

Misato: I'll override the computer, manually.



Chairman: Are you serious?

Misato: Yes.

Chairman: But Jet Alone's interior must be flooded with radiation.
Your insane.

Misato: But if I succeed Atsugi will be saved.

Staff: The access hatch can be opened manually, as soon as our
command signal is cut off.

Staff: You should be able to enter the hatch through the back-pack
unit.

Chairman: Hope... That's the password to delete the programming.

Misato: Thank you, Sir.



Misato: Our target is Jet Alone. There's a danger that it may begin to
meltdown in 5 minutes. Therefore we cannot allow it to get any
closer to a populated area. Hyuga?

Hyuga: Yes ma'am?

Misato: As soon as you drop Unit One, take the transport up to a safe
altitude and standby.

Hyuga: Roger.

Misato: And Shinji.

Shinji: Yes.

Misato: Run along side the target, and place me onto its back. Once
I've gotten on, I want you to try to hold Jet Alone back as
much as you can.

Shinji: You're climbing on that thing, to break into it?

Misato: That's right.

Shinji: But that's just crazy!

Misato: I know, but I'm afraid there just isn't any better way to stop
it.

Shinji: But it's too dangerous!

Misato: Don't worry. Unit One's armour can handle both the explosion
and the radiation.

Shinji: Not for Eva! I meant for you!

Misato: Well, I've got to give it my best shot you know, my conscience
won't let me do otherwise.

Hyuga: Ma'am I've sighted the target.

Misato: Right, here we go!



Hyuga: Eva approaching drop position.

Misato: Docking release!

Shinji: Roger.

Shinji: We caught up with it.

Misato: We've got less than 4 minutes. Put me on now!

Shinji: Ahh.

Misato: Don't think about it! Do it!

Misato: Ahh!

Shinji: Misato! Be careful.

Misato: Talk about hot! I've got a bad feeling about this.

Shinji: Stop running you bastard!

Shinji: Misato, hurry up!

Misato: I found it.

Misato: Error? What the hell?

Misato: The program must have been altered! It must have!

Shinji: Ah!

Staff: The power reactor is at 0.2 point short of critical!

Staff: The control rods still won't function!

Misato: I guess I'll try the long shot.

Misato: uu....

Shinji: Misato, get outta there!

Misato: Move you! God damn it!

Shinji: Misato

Misato: uu....

Staff: 0.1 to critical!

Staff: My God, it's going to go! Meltdown imminent!

Staff: Hull safeties failing!

Chairman: Dear God.

Shinji: Misato!

Misato: u.... haa...

Shinji: Oh.

Staff: She did it!

Staff: Internal pressure lowering.

Staff: All readings are nominal!

All: Wow! Yeah she did it! We're saved!

Ritsuko: Crazy fool!

Shinji: Misato, are you all right? Misato?

Misato: Yeah, I'm Ok, not in the greatest of shape however.

Shinji: You're alive! Oh God! Are you alright? Oh thank God, I can't
believe you did it! It's a miracle!

Misato: Yeah...

Misato (thinking): But the miracle was setup by someone.



Ritsuko: Recovery of Unit One is completed. No danger of radioactive
contamination. Except for Captain Katsuragi's operation,
everything went according to the plan.

Ikari: Good work.



Misato: Good morning Shinji (drinking) Yee haaa!! That's the way to
start your morning. Now let me at that shower. Hey Shinji,
have you seen any clean bras or panties lying around.

Toji & Kensuke: Good morning, Ikari!

Shinji: Morning! I'm taking off!

Misato: Have a nice day.



Toji: Hmm, Misato is just so cool.

Shinji: Yeah I used to think so too, but she's such a slob, she's
always embarrassing me and she never does anything but lie
around the house. She's not embarrassed about it, but I am.

Kensuke: You're a lucky guy!

Shinji: What'er you mean?

Kensuke: Ikari really is just a kid, isn't he?

Toji: He sure is.

Shinji: Meaning what?

Kensuke: She let you see a side of her that she wouldn't show to
anyone else, right? That means she's your family.

Shinji: Yeah...



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Eva Unit Two and its pilot have left Wilhelmshaven, to come
to Japan. With this aggressive girl Shinji once again
experiences trouble in communicating. And a surprise Angel
attack forces the now activated Unit Two into its first
under-water battle. Can Misato triumph with the chaotic entry
plug? It's the next episode: Asuka Strikes! Watch for it.
  