
  Lorenz: Major Katsuragi, do you still refuse to allow us to question,
the only person who was directly involved in this incident,
the pilot of Unit One.

Misato: Yes, Sir. It is my belief that he is still very unstable
emotionally and that bringing him here, into this situation
would be very unwise at the current time.

Member: Then, as his proxy, let us ask you, Major Katsuragi.

Member: Did the Angels attempt communication, with a human being?

Misato: After reading the subjects reports, I found no concrete
evidence, to validate that theory. In all likelihood, this
irregularly, is simple an odd coincidence.

Member: If the subjects memory is correct.

Misato: There was no evidence, that his memory had been tampered with.

Member: But the Eva's AC recorder was not functioning. There is no way
to confirm it.

Member: Was the Angel interested in the human mind?

Misato: I am unable to answer that question. Whether the Angels even
have a concept of what the human mind is, or whether they can
understand our thought patterns, is completely unknown.

Member: A new factor has been revealed in this incident, in that the
Angel tried to take Eva into itself. Is there any possibility
that this aspect may be linked to the predicted 13th Angel and
all Angels thereafter?

Misato: Based on the previous patterns we have observed, there would
appear to be no systematic organisation among the Angels.

Member: Correct. They have worked independently, thus far.

Misato: What do you mean, Sir?

Lorenz: You may not ask questions.

Misato: Understood.

Lorenz: That will be all, dismissed.

Misato: Yes, Sir.

*Misato disappears.

Lorenz: Well, what do you think, Ikari?

*Ikari appears.

Ikari: The Angels appear to be getting more intelligent. There's not
much time left...

Lorenz: Left for us, you mean?



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :17

The Fourth Child



Nurse A: Who's the patient in room twelve?

Nurse B: That's the emergency room patient, from the first Eva
incident. She's been here for a long time.

Nurse C: Her injuries are really complicated.

Nurse B: Poor girl and she's still in elementary school.

Nurse A: He's here again today?

Nurse C: Yeah. He comes to see her, at least twice a week. He's a good
brother, thinking about his sister like that.

Nurse B: Yeah. Boys like that are pretty rare.



Ikari: Rei, are things satisfactory?

Rei: Yes. I will be with Dr. Akagi all day tomorrow and the day
after that, I will be in school.

Ikari: And how is school?

Rei: No problems, Sir.

Ikari: I see. That's good.



Hikari: Class attention. Ok. Sit down.

Teacher: Well, Ayanami is absent, as usual and so is Mr. Aida.

Shinji: Hey, what's up with Kensuke?

Teacher: Professor Koike is absent today. Therefore,...

Toji: He's in New Yokosuka, to see some dumb battleship. A ship
called "Myoukou" or something like that, is in port.

Teacher: Mr. Suzuhara!

Toji: Ah, Ye, Yes, Sir!

Teacher: Will you deliver this document to Miss. Ayanami, after
school.

Toji: Yes, Sir.



Hyuga: The first branch is still Ok. No don't bother. The data from
the recon sat is still been confirmed by the Magi.

Aoba: Right.



Fuyutsuki: It disappeared? The entire Second Branch, just vanished?

Aoba: Yes, Sir. It's been confirmed. It's been wiped off the map.



Misato: Oh my God!

Hyuga: ADSC (Administrative Department...) and IDSC (Inspection
Department...) are going crazy. General Affairs is total
chaos.

Misato: What do you think, happened over there?

Ritsuko: It's under investigation. Our only clues, are these recon
photos from the geo-synchronous satellite. There's nothing
else left.

Maya: Ten seconds, nine, eight, seven, six, five, three, two, one,
contact.

Misato: This is horrible.

Maya: Evangelion Unit Four, it's support group and all the other
facilities, within an 89 kilometer radius, were completely
destroyed.

Ritsuko: Along with thousands of people.

Aoba: Looking at the time-schedule, it would appear that they were
in the middle of installing the experimental S2 Unit, from
Germany.

Maya: Potential causes range from an insufficient structural
integrity, to an error in calculation during the preliminary
design stage. That's 32,768 possibilities.

Misato: And that's not mentioning sabotage.

Hyuga: But, it wasn't really an explosion, was it? It just,
disappeared.

Ritsuko: In all probability, they were swallowed by a Dirac Sea, just
as Unit One was.

Misato: Then, the restored S2 engine is...

Ritsuko: Gone. Along with out hopes.

Misato: We're being forced to use things, we don't understand.

Ritsuko (thinking): Yes, things like the Evas.



Misato: So what'll we do with, Unit Three?

Ritsuko: It's being shipped here as we speak. The US government
doesn't want to risk, losing their First Branch as well.

Misato: Didn't they insist on the right to build, Unit's Three and
Four in the first place? And now they're forcing it off on us.
They're really pushing it.

Ritsuko: Well, you can't blame them, can you? After a disaster like
that, anyone would get nervous. We'll handle it.

Misato: And how are you going to handle the test activation? Will you
use Rei's Dummy Plug?

Ritsuko: I'll decide, soon.



Ritsuko: This is the Dummy Plug prototype. Rei's personal data has
been transferred into it, but our current technology can't
really digitise a human mind and soul. In the end this is
nothing but a pale duplication, that emulates the real pilots
thinking processes. It's still only a machine.

Ikari: It transmits a signal pattern to the Eva, if the Eva believes
that there is a pilot and synchronises, then that's good
enough. Load the data into Unit's One and Two.

Ritsuko: But we're still working out the bugs, Sir.

Ikari: Just do it, it's sufficient.

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir.



Ikari: I've delegated the transport of the Unit to the UN. It will be
here by the end of the weekend. At that time you will take
care of it.

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir. We'll perform the modifications and activation test
at Matsushiro.

Ikari: And the test pilot?

Ritsuko: Use of the Dummy Plug not recommended. One of our
candidates--

Ikari: --will be chosen as the Fourth.

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir. There is one child available, whose core can be
prepared immediately.

Ikari: Then, make it so.

Ritsuko: Yes, Sir.

Ikari: Rei, we're finished now.

Rei: Right.

Ikari: Let's eat.

Rei: Yes, Sir.



Hikari: Stand up. Dismissed.

Toji: Yeah, it's lunchtime at last. My very favourite part of the
entire school day.

Asuka: What?! What'er you mean you didn't make our lunches?!

Shinji: Ah, I didn't have time to cook last night, I had to much
homework.

Asuka: Oh you did, did you and that's your excuse for me having to go
without lunch?!

Toji: Oh, oh. The newly-weds are fighting.

Students: (laughing)

Shinji & Asuka: Oh, Shut up!



Misato: What's with the grim face?

Ritsuko: Ah, Well, it's the Unit Three activation test, we'll be using
the Fourth as the test pilot.

Misato: The Fourth? The Fourth Child's been found?

Ritsuko: Yesterday.

Misato: I haven't received a report from the Marduk Institute.

Ritsuko: Don't worry Major, you'll get your report.

Misato: Dr. Akagi, are you hiding something from me, again?

Ritsuko: No, of course not.

Misato: Well, Ok. So who's the kid?

Misato: Your kidding, him?

Ritsuko: Yes, well, the perspective candidates, have to be kept
together, for their own protection, it can't be helped.

Misato: I don't know how to tell them, it's hard. Asuka will be fine,
she's committed to piloting an Eva. And Rei is exceptional,
we've never had any problems with her. Shinji on the other
hand, has gone through some pretty bad phases, even
depression, I don't want to expose him to anymore stress.

Ritsuko: I know, but gathering children of this kind is an imperative,
it's for the sake of our own survival. You shouldn't--

Misato: --shouldn't complicate things. Of course.



Teacher: Class dismissed. Bye, see-ya later.

Student: Hey call me later tonight, Ok.

Hikari: Hey, don't forget that you've got bulletin duty this week,
Suzuhara.

Toji: I've got what?

Hikari: The class bulletin, remember. Your suppose to deliver this to
Miss. Ayanami.

Toji: Oh, come on. Who else has duty?

Hikari: It's you and Ayanami this week.

Toji: It's Ayanami and me? Then I guess I gotta, huh? But, I can't
go to some girl's place by myself.

Hikari: Well, I could go with you...

Toji: Hey, Shinji. Walk home with me, will ya?

Hikari: Ah.

Toji: You know where Ayanami lives, right?



Shinji: Hey, Rei. I'm coming in.

Toji: Hey, you can't enter a girl's place, without her permission.

Shinji: Well, we've got no choice. She won't see it, if we leave it
here.

Shinji: Ahh, is anybody home.

Toji: My god! This is a girl's room? It's so, decrepit.

Toji: Hm? You shouldn't touch anything, she'll get pissed.

Shinji: I'm just cleaning up.

Toji: Well, I won't help you do it. It's just not manly.

Shinji: Well Ok, but you know, Misato hates guys like that.

Toji: mmmm, I don't care! It's my policy, alright!

Toji: You know, now that I think about it, you've changed.

Shinji: What?

Toji: You, Shinji.

Toji: The first time I saw you, I really thought you were the
world's biggest jerk. I mean, you sure didn't seem like
someone, who'd do something for someone else, back then. I
guess you were so deep in your shell, that I couldn't see the
real you.

Shinji: Hmm.

Shinji & Toji: Ah?

Toji: Hi, excuse us.

Rei: What for?

Toji: We bought you, your school bulletins.

Shinji: I'm sorry, I kinda cleaned up. It was just trash right.

Rei: Ah, thank you.



Toji: Man, you Eva pilots sure are a bunch of wackos, huh?



Rei: "Thank you", words of gratitude. Words I've never used, not
even with him.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :17

The Fourth Child



Fuyutsuki: The city, a paradise made by mankind.

Ikari: Driven from paradise, man escaped to this earthly existence,
on the edge of death. Created by the weakest of beings,
created by the sapience born from that weakness, this paradise
is our creation.

Fuyutsuki: To protect ourselves from the fear death instills, to
satiate our beings with pleasure, we created a paradise by and
of ourselves. This city surly is such a paradise. A city
designed and built to protect us.

Ikari: A city for those who run in fear from the outside world, the
world of our enemies.

Fuyutsuki: Of course, cowards do tend to live longer. That's one
benefit. The third New Tokyo, Nerv's hidden intercept base and
now, the long-delayed seventh construction phase is about to
be finished at last. It's almost complete.

Fuyutsuki: Now, about Unit Four's accident, how will you present that
to the Committee?

Ikari: With the facts: the cause is unknown.

Fuyutsuki: But, this was a major catastrophe.

Ikari: It was of no consequence to us. The S2 engine sample, may have
been lost, but the data is still in Germany. This installation
and Unit One will be sufficient.

Fuyutsuki: But the Committee is in a total panic!

Ikari: Of course they're panicked, it wasn't scheduled.

Fuyutsuki: Yes, Seele must be busy rewriting their schedules now.

Ikari: Incidents not depicted in The Dead Sea Scrolls may occur. This
should teach the old men a lesson.



Announcement: The third district, transformation and directional
weapon experiment will be held as scheduled...

Kaji: The intercept system is completed, and they're not gonna' have
any party for it. Nerv has got to be the most inflexible and
stifling organization on earth.

Maya: Well, it's because of Commander Ikari.

Kaji: And are you approved, too?

Maya: I don't think that's pertinent data, Sir. And, I'll have to
tell Major Katsuragi and Dr. Akagi about this.

Kaji: Not if I cover your mouth, with mine.

Misato: Kaji, how's it going?

Kaji: Oh, well, it's going I guess.

Maya: Oh, ah, I have work to do. Excuse me...

Misato: Far be it, for me to make judgements on your private life, but
under the current situation, is it wise to be hitting on
girls, who are under certain chains of command.

Kaji: Who's under who, is not your concern. Would you prefer to be
hit on?

Misato: That depends on how you answer this. You know the secrets,
behind the Marduk Institute and that "Adam" thing, right?

Kaji: Er, what secrets?

Misato: Don't play games!

Kaji: Asking for help isn't like you, Misato.

Misato: Well I'm asking, Kaji. Something sinks here. The way the
Fourth child was found was too convenient, something funnies
going on.

Kaji: I'll tell you one thing.

Kaji: The Marduk Institute doesn't exist. Nerv is pulling the
strings all by itself.

Misato: Nerv's pulling the strings? Commander Ikari?

Kaji: 7-0-7 is a good starting place.

Misato: Code 7-0-7? But isn't that Shinji's school?

Shinji: Misato.

Misato: Yes.

Shinji: Ritsuko says she's expecting you for a meeting, about
tomorrow's trip.

Misato: Alright, thank you.

Misato: I'll see you later.

Kaji: Ah-ha.

Kaji: So can I buy you a drink, Cup-o-tea?

Shinji: Kaji, I'm a boy.



Shinji: I thought you'd be a more serious person, Kaji.

Kaji: You're saying that to someone as straight-arrow and reliable
as me, Mr. Ikari?

Shinji: Oh, I'm sorry.

Kaji: I'm sorry too. I didn't mean to sound, rude. Hey, I wanta show
you something.



Shinji: You grow, melons?

Kaji: Yeah, aren't they cute? This is my hobby. But, keep it a
secret Ok. Making something grow is really great. One can see
and learn, so many things from the process. It also brings
pleasure.

Shinji: But pain too, right?

Kaji: Do you hate pain?

Shinji: I don't like it.

Kaji: Ah, but have you found what gives you pleasure?

Kaji: That's not so bad. If you've known pain and hardship, it's
easier to be kind to others. Being kind isn't a weakness.

*Kaji's phone rings.

Kaji: Hello, yes.

Kaji: It's Katsuragi. The sync-test will be starting soon.



Staff: Fix the depth at 3.2. LCL concentration in nominal. Harmonics
level is 1.1. Current estimate is 0.2. Level 3 Data deleted.
The rest saved to Melchior.

Ritsuko: I was afraid of this. Shinji's sync-ratio is dropping.

Misato: And what's that mean?

Ritsuko: I can't say, for sure. But, I think that something may have
happened to him during that last incident, something's
affected him.

Misato: This makes it even harder to tell him, about the pilot.

Ritsuko: Well, the new pilot will be informed officially tomorrow.

Misato: hmmm.



Hikari: Everyone stand up. Dismissed.

Toji: Alright, lunchtime!

Announcement: Suzuhara Toji, report to the Principal's office.

Toji: Huh, what?

Kensuke: What'd you do now?

Toji: Ah, I don't know.



Toji: Excuse me, I'm Toji Suzuhara.

Ritsuko: You're Toji Suzuhara?



Shinji: How was your trip to New Yokosuka?

Kensuke: Oh, it was way cool. Speaking of which, I did pickup some
disturbing information.

Shinji: Eva Unit Three?

Kensuke: Yeah. The one they built in the US. It's been completed
hasn't it?

Shinji: I don't know.

Kensuke: I know it's classified, but come on, you gotta tell me
something.

Shinji: But I really don't know.

Kensuke: Haven't you heard the rumor, that the activation test will be
held at the Second test facility in Matsushiro?

Shinji: No I hadn't.

Kensuke: Then the pilot hasn't been chosen yet?

Shinji: How would I know?

Kensuke: Misato could choose me for the position! Shinji, would you
ask her for me? I really wanta be an Eva pilot.

Shinji: I don't know if she could or not.

Kensuke: Well, what about the story that Unit Four was lost?

Shinji: Was lost?

Kensuke: You really didn't know? It disappeared, along with the entire
Second branch. My dad's whole section was in a panic.

Shinji: Are you sure?

Kensuke: I've got my sources.

Shinji: Misato didn't tell me anything.

Kensuke: Ah... Well you know, I guess it doesn't directly concern the
pilots. If she didn't tell you, it's probably because you
don't need to know. I'm sorry about bothering you with all
these weird questions. Hasn't Toji come back yet?



Teacher: Thus we, mankind, survived the hell called Second Impact and
rose again. The number of children, have been decreasing on a
year to year basis.

Hikari: Oh.

Toji: Sorry I'm late.

Teacher: I know about it, be seated. Anyway, it is you, the younger
generation, who will lead the way to the future...



Kensuke: Let's get oughta' here.

Shinji: And Toji?

Kensuke: He's gonna' be late, he's got cleanup duty today.



Announcement: The school is now closing. All students must go to their
homes immediately.

Hikari: Um, Suzuhara.

Toji: Ah?

Hikari: You're on cleanup duty. You have to lineup these desks and
clean off the blackboards.

Toji: I haven't had lunch yet. I'll do it, as soon as I've eaten.

Hikari: Do you always buy your lunch from the school shop?

Toji: Of course, there's no one at home who can cook.

Hikari: Suzuhara.

Toji: hm?

Hikari: I have two sisters, their names are Kodama and Nozomi and I
always make lunches for them, everyday.

Toji: That's a lot of work.

Hikari: I'm actually a pretty good cook, though I guess you might not
expect that.

Toji: hmm.

Hikari: And you see I, always end up cooking too much for our lunches.

Toji: Ah, that's definitely a waste...

Hikari: Huh.

Toji: If you need help getting rid of the leftovers, I'll help.

Hikari: Yes please.



Asuka: Hi-ya, Kaji!

Kaji: Oh, Asuka? Sorry, I'm busy right now. Can it wait?

Asuka: hmmm, but you have time for Misato. hmm. Kaji!

Kaji: Ah! Damn it! Not right now.

Asuka: Oh, these are our sync-data reports. Huh, four? Oh my God, it
can't be?! Who in the hell made him the Fourth Child?! I won't
stand for it!



NERV First Branch - America



Hikari: (humming)



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: In the next episode, The US built Eva Unit Three is delivered
to the Matsushiro testing facility. It seems like a glorious
day, but the peaceful dawn will soon be broken, by the dark
clouds of disaster. It's a time of tragedy and the children
will be at the focus of it. The tranquil days of the past are
gone, ripped away with the camouflage, that hide the true
nature of the beast inside and the last thing that Misato will
hear, is the sound of Shinji screaming. Its the next episode:
The Judgement Of Life.
  