
  Ecta 64: Ecta 64 calling Neopan 400. Confirm cumulonimbus clouds in
your immediate flight path. Over.

Aircraft: This is Neopan 400. Cumulonimbus clouds confirmed. Barometer
indicates no hazard. We'll maintain course, expect to arrive
on schedule.

Ecta 64: This is Ecta 64, roger and out.



Shinji: I'm ready, where's Asuka?

Misato: She's taken off already. It would seem, that she doesn't want
to face us right now.

Shinji: But why?

Misato: A teenage girl can be difficult to understand, Shinji.

Misato: By the way,...

Shinji: Well,...

Misato: Go ahead.

Shinji: Are the rumors about Unit Four really true? I heard that,
there was some kind of accident and it exploded.

Misato: Yes I'm afraid so. Unit Four is gone, along with the 2nd
Branch of Nerv. It happened while they were testing the S2
Engine. But don't worry, we'll be alright. All three of our
Evas are functioning properly and our pilots and staff are in
good shape, too.

Shinji: I also heard that Unit Three is being brought here. Your
performing the activation test at Matsushiro, aren't you?

Misato: Ah-ha. I'll be out for about 4 days or so, but don't worry
Kaji's coming over to take care of you guys.

Shinji: But what about the test?

Misato: Oh, Ritsuko will be supervising everything, there won't be any
problems.

Shinji: And who will be the pilot?

Misato: Well, the pilot is...

*Doorbell

Shinji: Yes?!

Kensuke: Good morning. Major Katsuragi, I've come to ask for your
help! I'm begging you, please, please, you've just go to
choose me as the pilot for Evangelion Unit Three, you gotta!

Misato: Ah?



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :18

The Judgement of Life



Ritsuko: So, Shinji still doesn't know, huh?

Misato: I just can't find a chance to tell him. I'm worried, sometimes
I just can't figure out what he's thinking about.

Ritsuko: Oh, get a grip kid, you're the one who wanted to be his
guardian.

Misato: Yeah, you're right of course. Um, so, when will you acquire
the new pilot?

Ritsuko: Tomorrow, there's still a few details to be ironed out.

Misato: Maybe the new pilot will tell Shinji himself.

Ritsuko: Oh, I rather doubt it. This one wasn't very enthused about
the prospect at all. He won't talk. He only accepted under the
condition, that his younger sister be transferred into our
private hospital.



Kensuke: How can Misato be so cruel. I'm dying to be pilot, so why
won't she use me, even as a backup pilot, it's just not fair.

Toji: Huh? Yeah.

Shinji: Hey what's up? I mean, you left before me, but your getting
here late.

Toji: Ohh, no fight between the newly-weds, today?

Asuka: I just didn't wanta see your ugly faces! You damn, Three
Stooges!

Shinji: Ow, my eye.



Kensuke: Ah, the precious moment of lunchtime. Hey? Where's Toji?

Shinji: I haven't seen him.

Kensuke: You mean he left? Without his lunch? Toji the stomach! That's
impossible.

Shinji: Well, he's been acting different.



Rei: Mr. Suzuhara.

Toji: Huh? Oh, it's you, Ayanami. If you're looking for Shinji, he's
not here. You know, don't you, about everything? I think Asuka
knows, too.

Rei: Ah-ha.

Toji: So, Shinji's the only one who doesn't know. You know it's
pretty rare, for you to be concerned about someone else.

Rei: It is? I'm not sure I understand.

Toji: Oh, you have a thing about Shinji, alright.

Rei: I? Maybe that is true.

Toji: You do.



Asuka: Hikari! Let's have lunch together.

Hikari: Ok.



Misato: He's over two hours late, but at last he's finally here. This
is the first time, I've ever waited for someone this long.

Ritsuko: That's because you never waited for guys, back when you could
still get a date.

Misato: Oh, shut up.



Teacher: This was the so called Second Impact. At that time I was
living in a place called Nebukawa, but the rising water
levels, caused by the melting of Antarctica, has buried it
beneath the sea.



Toji (flashback): I'm sorry, new comer. But I had to clobber you. I
had to beat you, to work off my own anger.



Hikari: I'm sorry, Asuka. You usually walk home with Shinji.

Asuka: I only walk with Shinji because we work together and right now
I don't feel like looking at him.

Hikari: Oh.

Asuka: This is about Toji, isn't it?

Hikari: Yeah, how'd you know?

Asuka: Everybody knows. The Three Stooges are the only one's who
don't.

Hikari: Shinji seems sensitive in a naive kind of way.

Asuka: Shinji's a big fat dork! And he's denser than lead too! He
wouldn't know how to relate to another person, if you gave him
a manual!

Hikari: Oh, I see. Asuka, I think that Toji might be interested in
Rei.

Asuka: Are you kidding, Toji and Wondergirl?!

Hikari: Well, at lunch they seemed...

Asuka: Ha, don't worry Hikari it'll never happen. If Shinji is denser
than lead, than Rei Ayanami is off the atomic scale!

Hikari: Really?

Asuka: Yeap.

Hikari: Hmm.

Asuka: Can I ask you something?

Hikari: Ok.

Asuka: Just what'er you see in a dumb jock like that?

Hikari: His, compassionate side.

Asuka: Ah, what...?



TV (woman): It was a mistake to get back with you!

TV (man): How can you say that now?

TV (woman): There are a lot of pit holes it life, but you...

Shinji: You know Asuka...

Asuka: Kaji sure spends a lotta time in the tub.

Shinji: Hmm, I wonder who's going to pilot Unit Three?

Asuka: What? You mean you haven't heard?

Shinji: Who is it?

Asuka: Um... I don't know.

Kaji: Yeah, that was refreshing. Huh? Are you two fighting again? I
don't believe it. Are you two always like this whenever
Katsuragi's gone?

Asuka: It's not like that. I wanta be happy Kaji especially since
you're spending the night, but I can't, not tonight, not now,
not with everything.

Kaji: I understand. Let's go to bed. I find that's usually the best
thing to do in this kind of situation.



Shinji: Hey, are you asleep yet Kaji?

Kaji: No, not yet.

Shinji: Um. Well, can you tell me what's my father's like?

Kaji: Well, there's a surprise question. I would've thought you'd
have asked about Katsuragi.

Shinji: It seems like you're always with my father.

Kaji: Commander Fuyutsuki is the one who's always with him. Have you
been asking around about your father?

Shinji: I just, haven't been around him much...

Kaji: So, you really don't know him.

Shinji: But I've learned a lot about him lately. I've learnt how he
feels about his work, about my mother,...

Kaji: No you're wrong, Shinji. You only believe that you've learned.
But people really can't understand themselves, much less each
other. Understanding 100% of anything is, impossible. That's
why we spend so much time trying to understand our own
motivations and those of others. That's what makes life so
interesting.

Shinji: So you can't understand Misato, either?

Kaji: The Kanji that we use for the word "she", means a woman far
away. And woman will always seem to be on a distant shore. The
gulf that separates male and female, is broader and deeper
than any ocean.

Shinji: I just don't understand adults.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :18

The Judgement of Life



Staff: T-300 minutes to Unit Three activation test.

Matsushiro Secondary Test Facility

Staff: Primary power, standing by.

Underground Temporary Cage (unmanned)

Staff: Repairs to left arm, completed.

Matsushiro Secondary Test Site
Underground Facilities

Staff: Refrigeration systems in all sections functioning at standard
levels.

General Control Point
Unit 03 Activation Test

Ritsuko: Roger. Team B, commence operation.

Central Control Command Car

Staff: Data link to Evangelion Unit One established.

Ritsuko: The system's all up and ready for full activation.

Misato: Terrific, let's get started.

Ritsuko: That was enthusiastic. You're aware that this unit, will be
assigned to your detachment once it's passed it's tests,
aren't you?

Misato: Exclusive control of four Evas... If you wanted to, you could
conquer the world.

Ritsuko: So, have you told Shinji yet?

Misato: I'll tell him after the test.

Staff: The Fourth Child has arrived. Squad 2, begin entry
preparations immediately.



Hikari: Toji, hasn't shown up yet Asuka.

Asuka: Yeah, he may not come today.

Hikari: I thought we might eat together today. Do you want this?



Kensuke: Unit Three's already arrived in Japan, hasn't it?

Shinji: Yeah. It got here yesterday.

Kensuke: This sucks. Who's gonna' pilot it then? Toji was absent
today, maybe it's him?

Shinji: Ha, I don't think so!



Staff: Entry plug secure.

Staff: Initiating first connection.

Staff: Transmitting pulse. Graph readout is normal.

Staff: Graph display is within tolerance.

Staff: ...between 1350 have been cleared.

Staff: Phase-one contact, all cleared.

Ritsuko: Roger. Operation will proceed to Phase-two.

Staff: Full nerve link established.

Staff: Harmonics are normal.

Staff: Harmonics are reading standard.

Staff: We are now approaching the absolute border-line.

Ritsuko: Break the nerve-circuits! Abort the test!

Staff: No mission failure. We've got high energy readings in the
body.

Ritsuko: An Angel? No!



Aoba: There's been an explosion at Matsushiro.

Staff: Damage level unknown.

Hyuga: Send the rescue squad and 3rd battalion. We've gotta handle
this before the Self Defense Force gets involved.

#I think Fuyutsuki was suppose to say that.

Hyuga: Roger.

Aoba: We've got an unidentified object detected at the site.

Hyuga: It's pattern is orange, we can't confirmed that it's an Angel
yet.

Ikari: Go to first stage alert.

Aoba: All personnel, got to first stage alert.

Hyuga: Prepare for surface-to-surface combat.

Maya: All Evas, prepare for launch. Prepare for maximum intercept
potential. Air transportation to Matsushiro will go in 20.



Shinji: An accident, in Matsushiro? It can't be? What happened to
Misato?

Rei: Contact hasn't been restored, yet.

Shinji: Oh, what'er we gonna' do? We need her.

Asuka: We're gonna' have to go for it ourselves. There aren't any
other options left open for us, are there?

Shinji: But how can we fight an Angel without her?

Rei: Commander Ikari will command this operation.

Shinji: My father will?



Aoba: We are receiving an image of the target, from the Nobeyama
Mountain Station. Transferring to the main monitor.

All: Ohhh...

Fuyutsuki: As we suspected.

Ikari: Transmit the abort signal. Eject the Unit's entry plug.

Maya: It's not working, Sir. Neither the abort or plug ejection
codes are being accepted.

Ikari: What about the pilot?

Hyuga: His heart's still beating and he's still breathing. But he's
probably...

Ikari: I see. Then we must accept the loss of Evangelion Unit Three,
reclassify it as the 13th angel.

Maya: What?

Hyuga: But, Sir.

Ikari: Deploy our forces around the base of Mt. Nobeyama, the target
must be destroyed.



Aoba: Target is approaching.

Hyuga: All Units, prepare to engage.

Shinji: Huh? It can't be? Is that the Angel?

Ikari: Correct. That is your target.

Shinji: It may be our target. But it's also an Eva, isn't it?

Asuka: God. How could it has been possessed?

Shinji: If that thing is an Eva, then there must be another pilot
inside it, isn't there?

Asuka: You mean you still don't know that? The pilot of Unit Three...

Shinji: Asuka?

Asuka: Ah! Ahh! Ahhh...!

Shinji: Asuka!

Hyuga: Eva Unit Two is ceased transmitting.

Maya: The pilot's ejected. Recovery teams are moving in for
retrieval.

Aoba: Target is moving towards Unit Zero's position.

Ikari: Rei, stop it, but avoid close range combat. I'll send Unit One
in to support you.

Rei: Yes, Sir.

Rei (thinking): But the pilot is...

Rei: Ack! Ulk, ugrrrrr.

Maya: The Angel is merging itself into Unit Zero's arm. Nerve
contamination spreading.

Ikari: Sever the left arm, immediately.

Maya: But the pilot's nerve connections are still active.

Ikari: Cut it off!

Maya: Right.

Rei: Ahh...!

Maya: Unit Zero is heavily damaged, the pilot is wounded.

Shinji: Oh-no...

Ikari: The target is approaching you, Unit One. Contact in 20
seconds. You must destroy it.

Shinji: But this target isn't just an Angel. There's somebody inside
it isn't there, another kid just like me.

Shinji: An entry plug, I knew it. I knew there was someone in there.

Shinji: Grrrrrrr.

Hyuga: Unit One's life support system, failing.

Maya: Unit life functions are in danger!

Fuyutsuki: Damn it! Cut our pilots sync-ratio down to 60%.

Ikari: Delay that.

Fuyutsuki: But Ikari, if we don't, the pilot could be killed.

Ikari: Shinji, why aren't you fighting?

Shinji: I can't, there's still a person inside that thing.

Ikari: Irrelevant. It's an Angel. Destroy our enemy.

Shinji: I can't. If he's alive, we've got to help him. I can't kill
another human being.

Ikari: It's him or you.

Shinji: No! I'd rather die!

Ikari: Damn it! Shutdown all of Unit One's synchronisation circuits,
immediately.

Maya: Shut them down?

Ikari: Correct. Switch all control to the Dummy Plug System.

Maya: But Sir, the Dummy plug isn't fully operational yet, Dr. Akagi
hasn't approved its use...

Ikari: It's still better than the current pilot! Do it!

Maya: Yes, Sir.

Shinji: Huh? What's going on? What the hell are you doing, father?!

Hyuga: Signal reception is green.

Maya: Control system switching is complete.

Staff: All nerves linked to the Dummy System.

Staff: 32.8% of emotional elements are unclear. It can't be
monitored.

Hyuga: Sir?

Ikari: Irrelevant. Engage the system. Commence attack.

Maya: My God! Is this what the Dummy plug is for?

Staff: Gain is still increasing.

Maya: Ah!

Shinji: Stop it! Father! Stop this God damn thing, for God's sake!
Please, please, just stop it! Make it stop! Dear God make it
stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!

Shinji: Aa! Make it stop! No...!

Aoba: Eva Unit Three, I mean, the target has gone completely silent,
Sir.



Hikari: (Humming) Now which shall I cook. For Kodama, Nozomi, and
Myself? But these all serve four. I sure hope he's hungry
tomorrow.



Rescuer: Over here, over here! There's a survivor here!

Staff: Blockade the entire highway 20. Do it now.

Staff: Yes. The recorder's graph is...

Misato: I'm alive...

Staff: Yes, Sir under 800 meter.

Misato: Kaji....?

Kaji: You were lucky, Katsuragi.

Misato: Where's Ritsuko?

Kaji: Don't worry. She wasn't hurt as bad as you.

Misato: Oh, good. What about Eva Three?

Kaji: It was destroyed, as an Angel, by Unit One.

Misato: I, I never told Shinji.



Misato: Shinji...

Shinji: Misato, you're Ok.

Misato: I'm sorry. God I'm sorry. I had to tell you something,
something important, but, Oh dear God I'm sorry...

Shinji: Misato, I... I killed... My dad forced me to... I begged him
and begged him but...

Misato: Shinji, I'm... I'm sorry.

Maya: Report from the entry plug recovery squad: The pilots life
signs are confirmed.

Shinji: He's alive?!

Misato: Shinji, the pilot of Unit Three is, the Fourth Child is...

Misato: Shinji? Shinji? Shinji? Shinji? Shinji?

Shinji: No.........!



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Shinji makes a decision, he will never pilot an Eva again.
Nothing Misato can say or do can repair the damage done to his
heart, for human problems concern humans alone. And when the
newest and most dangerous Angel yet attacks, leaving a path of
chaos and tragedy behind him like the hand of God. The
combined forces of Unit's Two and Zero fail to stop it. With
his friends being maimed and killed before his very eyes,
Shinji must make a final fateful choice. It's the next
episode: A Man's Fight.
  