
  f15 years ago

2000 A.D.

Misato: Is that you, Dad?...



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :12

The Value Of A Miracle Is...



Toji: Thanks for letting us in, Shinji. That rainstorm came out of
nowhere.

Kensuke: So like, where's Misato?

Shinji: She must still be asleep. She's been working all-night a lot
lately.

Toji: Yeah, she's got a tough job.

Kensuke: Well then, I guess we've gotta be quiet, so that we don't
wake Misato up, right?

Shinji: Well?

Kensuke & Toji: Shhh...

Asuka: Hey, what in the heck are these creeps doing in here?

Kensuke & Toji: Shhh...

Shinji: Drying themselves.

Asuka: Oh sure, talk about lame excuses. Well I'm changing in here
and if you peep, your dead!

Toji: Oooh, you stuck up! Egotistical, little...! Who'd wanta watch
a snake, changing it's skin anyway?!

Kensuke: She's sure full of herself.

Toji: Um?

Kensuke: Oh!

Toji: Mi- Misato!

Kensuke: Did we wake you up?

Misato: Actually, I was alright awake. Thanks for asking though.

Misato: Shinji, don't forget that we're have a harmonics test at the
lab, this evening.

Shinji: Oh. Right.

Misato: Hey Asuka, did you hear that?

Asuka: Yes ma'am.

Kensuke: Huh!

Kensuke: Wow! I mean, congratulations on your promotion, Misato.

Toji: Yeah, congratulations!

Misato: You're too kind.

Kensuke: No ma'am, you deserved it.

Misato: Well, I'll see you guys later.

Kensuke & Toji: Have fun, see-ya!

Shinji: So what's up, did something happen to Misato?

Kensuke: Haven't you seen her new badge? It's got two stripes on it
now. Two stripes means that she been promoted to Major.

Asuka: Promoted, I didn't notice.

Shinji: Yeah, me neither.

Toji: Neither of you noticed? What a bunch a lameo's!

Kensuke: Man! Don't you guys ever pay attention to that poor hard
working woman? Do you have any idea, of how hard it must be to
take care of the two of you, at her age?

Toji: I guess it's a good think that some of us, still have a little
human compassion.



Maya: Unit's Zero and Two, are both on the edge of the contamination
zone, they've reached their limit.

Ritsuko: Unit One can still tolerate a little more though, can't he?
Lower the graft depth another 0.03.

Maya: He's almost reached the contamination zone.

Ritsuko: And he's still getting these readings? He's just wonderful.

Maya: His harmonics and sync ratio, are rapidly catching up with
Asuka's.

Ritsuko: He does have talent, doesn't he?

Staff: It's as if he was born to become an Eva pilot, isn't it?

Misato: But that's not what Shinji wants, I know he's not really happy
here.

Ritsuko: The test has been completed.

Ritsuko: That was excellent work, Shinji.

Shinji: What'er you mean?

Ritsuko: Your harmonics value has increased by eight points, since the
last test. That's very good.

Asuka: But it's still 50 points below mine.

Ritsuko: That's true, but eight points in ten days. Is amazing.

Asuka: I don't think it's so great!

Asuka: Ok, Third Child, enjoy your victory while you can.

Shinji: Umm...

Asuka: I'll see you when you get home, Jerkface!

Shinji: Oh.



Shinji: Oh, by the way it's nice that you got promoted.

Misato: Thanks, Shinji.

Misato: But to tell you the truth, I'm not really all that thrilled
with it.

Shinji: Oh, I understand. I'm not crazy about getting praised in
public, either. Especially when it's like earlier today, all
it did was make Asuka angry.

Shinji: Why does she get so pissed off? It's so stupid.

Misato: It bothers you doesn't it?

Shinji: It does.

Misato: Well, that's because you think too much about what others think
of you.



Sign: Promotion celebration.

Sign: Reservations required.

Kensuke & Toji & Hikari: Congratulations!



Misato: Thanks you guys! And thank you, Toji.

Toji: No-no. This was Kensuke's idea.

Kensuke: That's right, I Kensuke Aida, am the mastermind behind this
dinner!

Misato: Oh, well then thank you, Mr. Aida.

Kensuke: Oh, it was no problem. It wasn't such a big deal, really.

Toji: Hey, by the way, just what is Hikari doing here?

Asuka: I invited her, idiot!

Asuka & Hikari: Yaaa!...

Misato: Did you invite Rei, too?

Asuka: Well, I invited her, but she's not exactly the party type, you
know?

Asuka: Darn, why is Kaji so late?

Hikari: Kaji?... You mean that really cool looking guy, who never
shaves?

Asuka: Yeah, after hanging around these dorks all day, it's nice to
know what a real man is like.

Toji: A real man?!

Misato: So kiddo, is it still difficult for you to be in this kind of,
situation?

Shinji: I'm Ok, I'm just not used to being around so many people.

Asuka: (Scream!)

Shinji: Why do they have to be so noisy?

Shinji: Your promotion, um, that means that someone must appreciate
the kind of work you've been doing, right?

Misato: Yeah, I suppose so.

Shinji: That's why they're all so happy for you... But you don't look
very happy, at all.

Misato: Oh, I'm happy. But that's not the reason I do, what I do.

Shinji: So, why did you join Nerv?

Misato: Er, I don't know. It's been a long time since I signed up, you
know.

Asuka: Oh! That's gotta be Kaji!

Kaji: I came directly from Headquarters. We just happened to meet
on the way.

Asuka & Misato: A likely story...

Ritsuko: You're not jealous, are you?

Misato: Absolutely not!

Kaji: I'd like to give you my sincerest regards, Major Katsuragi.

Kaji: I suppose I'll have to be polite to you, from now on.

Misato: Hm, and just what does that mean?

Kaji: Well, you know that Commander's Ikari and Fuyutsuki, have
never left Japan at the same time before. I guess they must
really feel ol' Katsuragi here's dependable.

Shinji: My father's left Japan, again?

Ritsuko: That's right, Shinji. He's at the South Pole.



*In Antarctica.

Fuyutsuki: Once this was a living continent of Antarctica, now it's an
ocean of death. The "Pole" not just another name for "Hell".

Ikari: Nevertheless, mankind has returned to this wasteland. In the
midst of death, we still live.

Fuyutsuki: That's because we're under the protection of science.

Ikari: Science is what makes man powerful.

Fuyutsuki: That kind of self-righteous arrogance, is what caused the
tragedy of 15 years ago, the Second Impact. And here, before
us, is the end result. This is a far greater punishment, than
mankind deserved. This is the real Dead Sea.

Ikari: Yet, this is a world that has been purified and purged of the
original sin.

Fuyutsuki: I'd rather live in a world with people, no matter how
stained with sin.

Announcement: This is the bridge, we've just received a telex from
Nerv Headquarters. An Angel has been detected, in orbit above
the Indian Ocean.



Hyuga: The Angel appeared about two minutes ago.

Staff: Send recon satellite number six, to that orbit.

Staff: T-2 minutes to contact.

Aoba: The target has been sighted.

Hyuga: Ohh... It's enormous!

Misato: It's impressive alright.

Aoba: Recon six is now in range.

Staff: Commencing data surge.

Staff: Commencing data transmission.

Staff: Data transmission complete.

Misato: Was that an AT-Field?

Ritsuko: Yes, a new way of using one.

Misato: Look at the size of that tidal wave. That's an AT-Field
impact.

Maya: It uses kinetic energy, too. This Angel is like a huge living
bomb.

Ritsuko: At least the first blast, missed and hit the ocean. However,
the second shot hit closer to land and for the last two hours,
it's being steadily correcting its error ratio.

Misato: So it's learning to aim, itself.

Hyuga: We detonated an N2 aerial mine on it, it had no effect.

Aoba: The Angel has been hiding since then.

Misato: It's coming here, isn't it.

Ritsuko: It's a safe bet and if it falls on us...

Misato: Then there'll be a third Asinoko Lake, right?

Ritsuko: Actually, this whole area will become an extension of the
Pacific Ocean.

Misato: Can we contact Commander Ikari?

Aoba: It's impossible, we can't get through the Angel's jamming.

Misato: What about the Magi?

Maya: The Magi are unanimous in recommending evacuation.

Ritsuko: What will you do? You're the one who's in charge of all this
now.

Misato: Notify all the ministries concerned, that I am issuing a
special D17 declaration. All residence within a radius of 50
kilometers, are to evacuate immediately. Also, tell Matsushiro
to backup the Magi.

Hyuga: Are we gonna' evacuate, as well?

Misato: No, but it's not necessary to place everyone here at risk.



Announcement: Your attention please, the government has announced the
D17 special declaration of emergency, for this area. All
residence, must evacuate to their designated locations.

Announcement: Beginning with the blocks six and seven, evacuate
according to the directions of your district chief,
immediately.

Staff: The evacuation of the city, is now complete.

Staff: The evacuation of all non-combatant and D Class personnel, by
Alarm C has been completed.



Ritsuko: You're not really serious, are you?

Misato: Yes, I am.

Ritsuko: You're willing to sacrifice all three Evas, to satisfy your
own ambitions? The chance of success is 0.001%. Just one in
ten thousand.

Misato: Well, it's not zero. I just trust the Evas.

Ritsuko: Major Katsuragi!

Misato: Don't forget that I'm the one in charge now. I have to do,
what I have to do. Destroying the Angels is my duty.

Ritsuko: Your duty?! You must be kidding! This is to satisfy yourself
isn't it! This is just your revenge against the Angels!



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :12

The Value Of A Miracle Is...



Asuka: What?! You want us to catch it with our hands?!

Misato: That's right. We'll locate the Evas in the estimated drop
zone. Then, while maintaining your AT-Field's you'll catch it
before it hits the ground.

Shinji: But, what if it doesn't fall where you think it will?

Misato: Then they'll be a little, boom.

Asuka: But, what if the Evas can't handle the impact?

Misato: We'll all be blown to the moon.

Shinji: What'er our chances?

Misato: I've got no idea. Not so good in my opinion.

Asuka: If we pull this off, it'll be a miracle.

Misato: Miracle's aren't something that just happen, they're something
that people make happen.

Asuka: We've got to be willing to sacrifice ourselves.

Misato: I'm sorry, Asuka. We've got no other choice, this is the best
plan.

Asuka: How can you call something this crazy a plan?!

Misato: I suppose I can't really, you can refuse to do it if you wish.

Misato: I see. So, you are Ok with this?

Misato: The regulations state here, that you're all suppose to write
out a will. Have you done that, yet?

Asuka: I don't need to write one, I'm not gonna' die, just yet.

Rei: Neither do I, there's no point to it.

Shinji: Yeah, me neither.

Misato: Ok, but when all of this is over, I'll treat all of you to a
steak dinner. Ok.

Asuka: A steak dinner?

Misato: Yeap.

Shinji: Wow.

Asuka: You won't forget, right?

Misato: I swear, I won't.

*Misato exits

Shinji: A steak dinner is suppose to impress us.

Asuka: Does she really think we'd go crazy, just for a dumb steak
dinner? Man, the Second Impact generation has really got some
cheap standards!

Shinji: I suppose, she just can't help it.

Asuka: Well, that "Wow" you made, sounded pretty enthusiastic to me,
Shinji.

Shinji: Well, it may not mean much to us, but it still means something
to her you know.

Asuka: I suppose so. Well, let's figure out where she's going to take
us. Tokyo-3 5 star restaurant directory. You're gonna' be
coming with us, right First Child?

Rei: I don't think so.

Shinji: Why not?

Rei: I dislike eating meat.



Maya: The Angel's ECM jamming, has caused us to lose track of it
again.

Misato: Since it's impossible to calculate the exact location, the
Magi have estimated a probable drop zone radius, from what
little data we could collect. This is it.

Asuka: That's a huge area to cover!

Shinji: It could drop on any of these locations?

Ritsuko: Given the size of the target's AT-Field, it could completely
annihilate Nerv Headquarters, simply by coming close with a
near miss.

Misato: So, we'll disperse the Evas, so there's one at each of these
three points.

Rei: What is this dispersal based on?

Misato: A guess.

Asuka & Shinji: A guess?!

Misato: It's, women's intuition.

Asuka: Her woman's intuition. Look's like our miracle's getting
further and further away.

Shinji: She plays the lottery a lot and she never wins either.

Asuka: Eooo...



Shinji: Hey, Asuka.

Asuka: What?

Shinji: Why did you become an Eva pilot?

Asuka: To show the world how great I am, of course.

Shinji: So, it's a way of proving that you exist?

Asuka: Yeah, I guess you could say that. Why don't you ask,
Wondergirl?

Shinji: I've already talked with her about it.

Asuka: Hmm, so you've been having secret meetings?

Shinji: No, it's not like that.

Asuka: So why do you do this?

Shinji: I don't know.

Asuka: Just what'er you mean? Are you stupid!

Shinji: Ah, maybe I am.

Asuka: I suppose you really are.

Staff: 20 minutes, to estimated time of impact.



Misato: The rest of you can leave now, I can take care of this
situation.

Aoba: Sorry. This is our job as well.

Hyuga: Yeah, we can't let those kids, risk their lives all by
themselves.

Misato: Don't worry about the children. No matter how badly the Evas
might get damaged, their AT-Field's will protect them.
Actually, the safest place to be right now is inside the
Eva.



Misato: Shinji, the other day you wanted to know why I really joined
Nerv.

Misato: It began with my father, he lived for his work, to the
exclusion of everything else.

Misato: I was never able to forgive him, for that. In fact at times,
I even hated him.

Shinji (thinking): It sounds like my father.

Misato: He never really took care of me or my mother. His friends
always said that he was too sensitive and fragile, but the
truth was he was just a weak person. He didn't want to face
reality, so avoiding his family was easier than dealing with
it.

Misato: When my mother decided to divorce him, I was actually happy,
because I was so sick of hearing her cry herself to sleep.
And when my dad got upset about it, I actually laughed at him
because, I though he got what he deserved.

Misato: But then, he sacrificed himself to save my life during the
Second Impact. Then I didn't know whether I hated him or loved
him.

Misato: The only thing that was clear to me, was that I wanted to
destroy the Angel's who had caused the Second Impact and
that's why I joined Nerv.

Misato: It might be that I still hate him and just want to avenge
my father, so that I can finally free myself from him. It's
the only way I can escape.

Shinji: I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away!

Shinji: I won't, I won't run away...



Aoba: The target has been sighted, maximum magnification.

Hyuga: Distance, approximately 25,000.

Misato: The falling Angel's being sighted! All Evas get on your marks!

Misato: We can only give you a rough estimated trajectory, based upon
optical observation. The Magi will guide you until the
estimated distance is 10,000 meters, after that you'll have to
use your own judgement. Remember, I'm placing my trust in you.

Aoba: The Angel is approaching. Distance 20,000.

Misato: Right! Begin the operation.

Shinji: Here we go.

Shinji: Let's move out!

Aoba: Distance 12,000.

Shinji: Spreading AT-Field!

Shinji: Uhh!

Rei: Unit Two, expand your field!

Asuka: I'm already doing it!

Shinji: Do it now!

Asuka: Eat this...!!



Asuka: Huuum.

Aoba: Our wireless communications have been restored, we're
receiving a transmission from Commander Ikari in Antarctica.

Misato: Connect him, please.

Aoba: Yes, ma'am.

Misato: I apologise, Sir. Because of my irresponsible judgement, Unit
One has incurred some damage. I take full responsibility for
this, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: No, destroying Angels is an Eva's purpose. It was
fortunate, that the amount of damage done was minimal.

Ikari: Excellent work, Major Katsuragi.

Misato: Thank you, Commander.

Ikari: And on that subject, is the pilot of Unit One there?

Shinji: Yes.

Ikari: I've just read the report. Good work, Shinji.

Shinji: Huh? Yes, Sir.

Ikari: Now, Major Katsuragi, I'll leave the handling of the rest of
this, in your hands.

Misato: Yes, Sir.



Announcement: The next station is New Miyanoshita, New Miyanoshita.
The door will...

Asuka: So, now your gonna' have to fulfil your promise.

Misato: Well, of course I will. I went and pulled some large bills
from my account, so that could cover everything. (thinking)
Course now, I'm broke!



*A Paper lantern of a Chinese noodle stand.

Misato: A ramen place?

Asuka: Well, we know how poor you are Misato, this'll be fine.

Asuka: And since there's no meat, Wondergirl will be joining us.

Rei: One garlic ramen with no roast pork.

Asuka: I'll have, Shark's fined ramen with roast pork, supersize it!

Proprietor: There you go.

Shinji: Say, Misato.

Misato: Yeah?

Shinji: I think, I finally understood the good part about being
praised by someone, when I heard my father's words, today.

Shinji: And I also realised that, that the reason I pilot my Eva is
to hear those words from him.

Asuka: Now, wait a second. That's why you're a pilot?

Asuka: Gees, you really are an idiot!



Ending Theme Song




Trailer: The Magi are a trio, of supercomputers that command all of
Nerv's Headquarters. They're ordinarily inspected by Technical
Division 1, following each simulation plug activation
Experiment. But, then problems occur in all of the underground
facilities and even Central Dogma itself are invaded. Finally,
Nerv is forced to accept a course of self-destruction. It's in
the next episode: Angel Invasion. And expect lots more fan
service!
  