
  Child-Asuka: Mama! Mama, they chose me! I'm an elite pilot, now. I'm
the best in the whole world. I must keep this a secret, but
I'll only tell you mama. Everybody's so nice to me now, I
don't feel lonely anymore. I'm Ok now, even without papa. Look
at me! Look at me, mama! Look mama!



Asuka: Sync-ratio zero. I can't be the Second Child anymore. I have
no reason left to live. Nobody cares about me anymore. My
father, my mother, nobody cares.

Staff: Are you Asuka Langley Soryu?



Hyuga: Intelligence Division 2 just took the Second Child into
protective custody.

Misato: Right. It isn't like them to lose her in the first place and
for them to take 7 days to find her.

Hyuga: They must have done it on purpose. They're trying to make
trouble for us, aren't they Major.

Misato: It could be.

Misato (thinking): And the Fifth Child arrives to replace Asuka today.
This whole thing is just too convenient.



Shinji: Rei Ayanami. There's a feeling about her, almost as if... my
mother. Rei and my mother. What are you doing with them,
father?



Ritsuko: Hello Commander. Did you know my cat died? The cat my
grandmother was taking care of. I hadn't seen it for a long
time, but now I know that I'll never see it again.

Ikari: Why did you destroy the Dummy System?

Ritsuko: It's wasn't the Dummy System that I destroyed, it was Rei.

Ikari: I'll ask you once more. Why did you do it?

Ritsuko: I'm not happy anymore, not even when you make love to me. Do
whatever you want with me, it's never stopped you before.

Ikari: You disappoint me.

Ritsuko: You had no hopes or expectations of me to start with. I was
nothing! What can I do now, what mother?



Shinji: Where have you disappeared to, Asuka?

Shinji (thinking): But what can I even talk to her about? Could I talk
about Ayanami with her?



Shinji (thinking): All my friends, Toji, Kensuke, all of their homes
have been destroyed and now they've left. Friends, I don't
have anybody left I can call my friend. Nobody. I can't go see
Ayanami again. I don't have courage to face her. I don't even
know how to talk or act around her now. Asuka, Misato, Mother.
What can I do? What can I do?

A Boy: (humming Beethoven's &quot;Ode to Joy&quot;) The song is good.

Shinji: Huh?

A Boy: Singing brings joy and revitalises the human soul. I think
that song is the highest achievement of the Lilim culture.
Don't you agree, Shinji Ikari?

Shinji: How do you know my name?

A Boy: Everyone knows your name. I don't mean to sound rude, but your
rather ignorant of your own position.

Shinji: Oh, really? Who are you?

A Boy: I'm Kaoru. Kaoru Nagisa. (Kaoru of the Seashore.) I am like
you, one of the selected children. The Fifth Child.

Shinji: Your the Fifth Child? Um, Mr. Nagisa...

Kaoru: (Laugh) Call me &quot;Kaoru&quot;, Mr. Ikari.

Shinji: Mr. Ikari, oh-no you can call me &quot;Shinji&quot;.

Kaoru: (Laugh)



Hyuga: The Fifth Child has just arrived.

Misato: Kaoru Nagisa, Kaoru of the Seashore. And all of his past
records have been erased, just like Rei.

Hyuga: But at least one record remains, he was born on the same day
Second Impact occurred.

Misato: The Committee sent him directly to us. There must be something
else.

Hyuga: The Marduk reports file on the Fifth Child was classified. So
I hacked into the Intelligence Department's computer system.

Misato: I can't believe you did that.

Hyuga: Oh it was worth doing. I found out where Ritsuko is. So what
do you want to do about the Fifth Child's sync-tests?

Misato: I don't have any tricks up my sleeve this time. Let's see what
he can do.



Fuyutsuki: Take it down 0.3 more.

Maya: Yes Sir.

Fuyutsuki: Are these data readouts correct?

Hyuga: All of the test systems are operating correctly, Sir.

Maya: The Magi confirm that there are no data errors.

Fuyutsuki: It's incredible that he can synchronise with Unit Two even
before we've reconfigured the core. He's amazing.

Maya: But, but this isn't possible.

Misato: Nevertheless, it's happening. We must accept that fact and
start an investigation into why it is so.



Kaoru: You must be the First Child, am I correct? You're Rei Ayanami.
You are the same as I am.

Rei: Identify yourself.



Fuyutsuki: The Fifth Child has made contact with Rei.

Ikari: I see.

Fuyutsuki: The Magi are currently analysing the nature of the Fifth
and what his powers may be.



Misato: And we still don't know who or what he is. Who in the hell is
this boy?



Misato: Shinji hasn't came back yet either. I guess I'm not deserving
of his trust.



Announcement: Central Dogma is now open. Please use route 3 for the
transfer.

Shinji: Huh?

Kaoru: Hello. You weren't waiting here for me, were you?

Shinji: No, well, not really waiting anyway.

Kaoru: So what are you doing for the rest of the day?

Shinji: Well, usually when tests are over, I'll just take a shower and
go home. But, I don't really wanta go home these days.

Kaoru: The fact that you have a place where you can return, home.
Will lead you to happiness. That is a good fact.

Shinji: You think so?

Kaoru: I want to talk to you some more. May I come with you?

Shinji: Eh?

Kaoru: To the shower I mean. Aren't you going to go to the shower?

Shinji: Yeah...

Kaoru: Or do you mean &quot;no&quot;?

Shinji: No, I don't mean &quot;no&quot;.



Kaoru: You are extremely afraid of any kind of initial contact,
aren't you? Are you that afraid of other people? I know that
by keeping others at a distance, you avoid a betrayal of your
trust. But while you may not be hurt that way, you mustn't
forget that you must endure the loneliness. Man can never
completely erase this sadness, because all men are
fundamentally alone.

Shinji: Huh!

Shinji: It's time.

Kaoru: Time to go?

Shinji: Yeah. I have to go to bed.

Kaoru: With me?

Shinji: Ah... no, I think you have your own room, that they gave you,
I mean.

Kaoru: Ok. You know pain is something that man must endure in his
heart. And since the heart feels pain so easily some believe
life is pain. You are delicate like glass, that is, your heart
is.

Shinji: It is?

Kaoru: Yes. This is worth earning my empathy.

Shinji: Empathy?

Kaoru: I'm saying, I love you.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :24

The Final Messenger



#This title is written in a way that allows multiple meanings.
#It could be taken to mean &quot;The Final Messenger&quot; or &quot;The Final
#Death,&quot; or even (phonetically) &quot;The Final Seashore.&quot;



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :24

The Final Messenger



Seele: Nerv, the Nerv organisation was established to execute the
wishes of Seele.

Seele: It was intended to enact the scenario we had created.

Seele: However, it appears to have become dominated by a single
zealous individual.

Seele: Yes it has. We must take it back into our own dominion.

Seele: It is time.

Lorenz: We must restore Nerv and the Eva series to their proper role.
Ikari, you will take responsibility for betraying Seele.



Ikari: I'm afraid there's not much time left for accomplishing our
goal. However, the Lance of Longinus which would have impeded
the realisation of our plan, is now gone forever. The last
Angel shall soon appear and with it's destruction, our wishes
may be born soon Yui, please have patience.



Rei: Why am I here? Why am I still alive? For what purpose? For
who's purpose? The Fifth Child. Why? In what way are he and I
alike?



Misato: Thank God this apartment block in on the outskirts of town.
It's a miracle that it and you survived. I can't guarantee
your safety any longer. So the Horaki family will be taking
care of you. From now on, I may not see you for awhile,
Pen-Pen.

Pen-Pen: Quaa, quaquauu.

Misato: (Weeping)



Kaoru: I think I should sleep on the floor.

Shinji: No. I'm staying at your place, I'm fine. I'll be Ok on the
floor.

Kaoru: What did you want to say to me?

Shinji: What?

Kaoru: You wanted to tell me something, didn't you?

Shinji: So much has happened, since I came. Before this, I lived with
my teacher. It was calm and boring in those days. I wasn't
really doing anything. But I was fine with that. There was
really nothing that I had to do.

Kaoru: Did you hate dealing with people?

Shinji: More or less. But I didn't really care as much. However, I
really hated my father.

Shinji (thinking): Why am I telling all of this to Kaoru?

Kaoru: I think I may have been born just to meet you Shinji Ikari.



Misato: Well? Did you get the data on him?

Hyuga: Yeah. This is it. I sort of borrowed it from Lieutenant Ibuki
without asking.

Misato: I'm sorry that I made you do something like that. What is
this?!

Hyuga: Yeah. It's no wonder that Maya can't talk about this. It's not
even theoretically possible.

Misato: Yeah. It's getting more and more mysterious. How can he set
his sync-ratio at any level he chooses? I guess it's time to
go maverick again.



Ritsuko: It's you again. How surprising.

Misato: I have a question for you.

Ritsuko: Our conversation is being monitored, you know?

Misato: I don't care. The Fifth Child, what is he?

Ritsuko: He is probably the last Angel.



Kaoru: It is time. Let us go Adam's dark shadow, servant of the
Lilim.

(BGM : Beethoven's &quot;Ode to Joy&quot;)

Hyuga: Eva Unit Two just activated!

Misato: That's impossible! Where's Asuka?!

Aoba: She's in room 3-0-3. I've confirmed it.

Misato: Who the hell is piloting it?!

Maya: It's unmanned. The entry plug hasn't even been inserted into
Unit Two.

Misato (thinking): Unmanned? And the Fifth Child isn't there?

Hyuga: AT-Field detected in Central Dogma.

Misato: Eva Two?

Hyuga: No, the blood pattern is Blue. It's definitely an Angel.

Misato: It's an Angel!

Misato: That means that Ritsuko was...

Hyuga: The target has passed through the fourth defensive layer. And
it's still descending.

Aoba: It's no good. We can't cut the power to the Linear Carriage.

Fuyutsuki: Evacuate the area! Seal all shutters and bulkheads
surrounding Central Dogma! We've got to buy ourselves some
more time.

Announcement: Closing all bulkheads, immediately. All personnel,
evacuate. All personnel, evacuate.


Fuyutsuki: God have mercy. Seele has sent an Angel to us.

Ikari: The old man wants to advance his schedule, using us as his
tools.



Seele: The last Angel has intruded into the Central Dogma. It is now
descending.

Seele: Exactly as we've planned.

Lorenz: Ikari, you were our good friend, our comrade and understanding
collaborator. However, this shall be your final task. Now you
must use Unit One.



Aoba: Unit Two has penetrated the armour shutters.

Hyuga: Target has penetrated the second barrier, Sir

Ikari: Send Unit One into pursuit.

Misato: Yes Sir.

Ikari: Under all circumstances, the last Angel must be kept from
entering Terminal Dogma.

Misato (thinking): But why did the Angel take Unit Two?

Fuyutsuki: You don't think it's going to attempt to fuse with Unit
Two, do you?

Ikari: Or will it try to bring about our total destruction.

Shinji: No, no. no! It's not possible! I won't believe that Kaoru's an
Angel! It's a lie!

Misato: It's a fact, Shinji. You must accept it. Prepare for combat,
do you understand?

Angel: Shinji you are late.

Hyuga: Eva Unit One, descending via access route 2. It's about to
make contact with the target.

Shinji: You betrayed me! You betrayed the trust I placed in you! You
betrayed me just like my father did!

Aoba: Unit One has reached the fourth layer. It's about to confront
the target.

Shinji: There he is.

Angel: I have been waiting for you, Shinji.

Shinji: Kaoru..!

Shinji: Asuka, I'm sorry!

Angel: The Eva series was born from Adam, born from man's antithesis.
And yet the Lilim will utilise that which they hate most of
all in order to survive. I do not understand.

Shinji: Kaoru, stop! Why is this happening?!

Angel: Your Evas and I are composed of the same matter. Born from
Adam, I can synchronise with it easily as long as there is no
dominate soul. And Unit Two's soul is now hiding itself, thus
Eva Two is mine.

Shinji: No! You've got your own AT-Field!

Angel: Yes. At least that is what you Lilim call this thing. This is
the light of my soul, a sacred territory in which no one may
intrude. Aren't you Lilim even aware yet, that your so called
AT-Field is merely that wall that encloses every mind that
exists.

Shinji: I don't understand what your talking about!

Shinji: Ah! Ahh...!

Hyuga: Both Evas have penetrated all the way down to the final layer.

Staff: 20 seconds until the target reaches Terminal Dogma.

Misato: If Unit One's signal is cut off or disappears, or if any other
change should occur for the worst...

Hyuga: I know. I'll initiate the self-destruct for this entire
facility. It's better than letting Third Impact take place.

Misato: I'm sorry.

Hyuga: It's alright. Dying beside you wouldn't be a bad way to go
out.

Misato: Thank you.

Angel (thinking): This is mankind's fate. The thread of human hope is
spun with the flax of sorrow.

Misato: What in the hell is that?

Hyuga: It's another AT-Field, the strongest we've ever detected.

Aoba: It's shutting out everything, light, magnetism, sub-atomic
particles.

Misato: It's blocking everything out?

Maya: I can't sense anything, the target, Unit Two, Unit One,
they're all gone. We've lost communication with the pilot.

Shinji: gggggg, Kaoru! Don't do it, Kaoru!

Shinji: No don't do it! Ahh!

Aoba: Final safety system penetrated.

Hyuga: They've reached it, Heaven's Door is open.

Misato: Then the Angel has finally reached it's goal. Get ready.

Hyuga: Hmf.

Shinji: Ahhh!

Shinji: What's that!

Misato: What's going on?

Hyuga: It's another AT-Field.

Aoba: A Field that's showing as the first one, has appeared around
Terminal Dogma.

Maya: He's right, it's breaking through the other AT-Field.

Misato: What is it? Another Angel?

Aoba: I don't know. I can't confirm it. God! It just disappeared!

Misato: Disappeared? The Angel?

Angel: Adam, that from which we came. Must one who is born from Adam
return to Adam, even though it would destroy man. Wait this
isn't. Lilith! I see, I understand now. The Lilim, Lilith.

Angel: I thank you, Shinji. I wanted you to take Unit Two from me.
Otherwise, with her, I might have survived much longer.

Shinji: Kaoru, but why?

Angel: It is my destiny to live forever, though my survival, will
bring final destruction to the human race. However, it is
possible for me to be killed and whether I live or die makes
no great difference. In truth, death may be the only absolute
freedom there is.

Shinji: What are you? Kaoru. I don't understand what you are talking
about, Kaoru.

Angel: This is my wish.

Angel: Please, destroy me. Otherwise you will be destroyed. Only one
life form can be chosen to evade the destruction and seise the
future. And you are not the existence which should die. You
need the future, it is what you live for. Thank you, Shinji.
My life was meaningful, because of you.



Shinji: Kaoru said, that he loved me. I've never, felt such kindness
before. He was like me. And he was like Ayanami. I liked him
too. Kaoru should have survived. He was much better than I am.
Kaoru should have survived, not me. He deserved to live.

Misato: No. The one who deserves to survives is the one who has the
will to make it happen. He wished for death. He ignored his
will to survive and chose, to die for a false hope. Your
survival is not a mistake Shinji.

Shinji: Misato, how can you be so cruel.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: The last Angel is gone, but Shinji's heart is filled with
anguish. He and Asuka revel in a free form exchange of
consciousness, as their minds intermingle with those of the
rest of the human race. Acceptance of reality becomes means to
an end. In the episode: The World Ending.

Subtitles:

Why do I pilot Eva?
What frightens me?
Because it frightens me.
I'm frightened.
Isn't this frightening
Do you want to be a good kid?
Why?
What is happiness?
Am I happy?
What does she wish?
And
Instrumentality begins.
  