
  Misato(machine): Hi, I'm not in right now. So leave your message after
the beep. Bye-bye.

Kaji: My last assignment... It's red, just like blood.



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :21

The Birth Of Nerv



Misato: Commander Fuyutsuki was abducted?

Staff: Yes. It happened about 2 hours ago. The Vice-commander was
last seen in the 8th district.

Misato: That's inside of this installation. What in the hell were you
idiots in Intelligence doing?

Staff: Someone inside this organisation must have been involved. We
appreciate your cooperation in this.

Misato: Someone who could outwit Section 2. Oh-no, you don't think...

Staff: Ryoji Kaji, he's the suspected mastermind behind this plot.

Misato: So that's why you came for me.

Staff: We believe that you can help us. As your colleagues, we regret
the necessity of including the Director of Operations as a
suspect. But that is the nature of our profession.

Misato: And of course, considering my relationship with him, it's a
natural precaution.

Staff: Your cooperation would be appreciated.



Lorenz: It's been awhile.

Fuyutsuki: Are your invitations always so violent, Chairman Keel.

Lorenz: There are a number of matters we need to discuss outside of
Commander Ikari's hearing. The nature of your procurement was
necessary.

Fuyutsuki: You haven't changed at all. And how this affects me is
inconsequential.

Seele 07: The subject to be addressed has already become an active
issue. Thus these measures were inevitable.

Seele 03: Please understand our situation.

Fuyutsuki: Oh, now this is surprising. Not the Committee, but Seele
itself.

Seele 07: Creating a new God is not on our agenda. We hope that you
will cooperate, Prof. Fuyutsuki.

Fuyutsuki: Prof. Fuyutsuki...



1999 AD
Kyoto


Students: Professor! Prof. Fuyutsuki! Professor!

Fuyutsuki: Oh, hello boys.

Student: Hey why don't you come down and join us for a beer at the
Riverwalk?

Fuyutsuki: What again?

Student: Ryouko and the other girls say they'll come if you'll come.

Student: And didn't the Dean say you shouldn't be so unsociable?

Fuyutsuki: Alright, you guys win.



Dean: It's nice to have a chance to have a drink outside for a
change.

Fuyutsuki: Yes.

Dean: You know, your a brilliant scientist. But you don't place
enough value in your relationships with others.

Fuyutsuki: I'm sorry, Sir.

Dean: Somehow I doubt that. However, there's a young bioengineering
student who's just written a very interesting paper. Her name
is Ikari, have you heard about her before?

Fuyutsuki: Ikari? No, Sir.

Dean: I've told her about your work and she asked if she could meet
you. She'll be calling you soon and I'd like you to take her
on as a research assistant.

Fuyutsuki: And her name is Ikari, I'll do it Sir.



Fuyutsuki: I read your paper last night. There are a few things I have
questions about, but it's really really very intriguing.

Yui: Oh, thank you very much, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: And your full name is Yui Ikari, right?

Yui: Yes, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: So, what are your career plans? Would you like to go into
corporate research, or join a school's research facility?

Yui: Well, I haven't really thought about it much. And in my case,
there may be a third option to be considered.

Fuyutsuki: Huh?

Yui: I'm thinking about getting married and having children, of
course that's assuming I meet the right person.


2015 AD

Seele 02: By incorporating the S2 unit into itself, it has achieved
it's ultimate form.

Seele 04: Evangelion Unit One.

Seele 03: A living God which we created. What blasphemy.

Lorenz: The creation of a supreme being is unacceptable.

Seele: Man must not create Gods.

Seele: No one should possess such power.

Seele: Can we trust Gendo Ikari?



Fuyutsuki: Gendo Rokubungi? I've heard the name before.

1999 AD

Fuyutsuki: No, I've never met him. But he does seem to be at the core
of a lot of rumors. Rather unsavory rumors at that.



Kyoto Prefectural Police Office.

Fuyutsuki: What? I was appointed his advisor?

Fuyutsuki: Well, I'll come bail him out.

Ikari: I've being hearing some interesting things about you
Professor. I've been wanting to meet you for some time.

Fuyutsuki: Well, getting drunk and starting a fight, isn't the best
introduction.

Ikari: I didn't have a chance to say anything before they jumped me.
I'm not used to being liked, Professor. But I'm quite familiar
with hatred.

Fuyutsuki: Well your problems are none of my concern.

Ikari: And your exactly the kind of person that I suspected
Prof. Fuyutsuki to be.

Fuyutsuki (narration): My first impression of him, was that he was a
rouge bull on a short tether.



Fuyutsuki (narration): Back then, there were still seasons in this
country. It was Autumn.

Fuyutsuki: Are you serious?

Yui: Yes, Sir. I've been dating Gendo Rokubungi, a lot.

Fuyutsuki (narration): When she told me then, I couldn't hide my
shock.

Fuyutsuki: It's rather hard, imagining you and him being together.

Yui: He's really very nice, it's just that nobody really knows him,
quite the way I do. You oughta' try, Sir.

Fuyutsuki: In this case, I think that ignorance might be bliss.

Yui: Are you upset that I told him to list you as his counselor?

Fuyutsuki: Well, I'll admit that he's interesting, but I just don't
like him.



Fuyutsuki (narration): It was generally believed, that the real object
of Gendo's overtures to Yui, was her obvious talent. That and
the support of the secret organisation that was arranging
funding for her projects. That organisation was called Seele.



2000 AD
Antarctica

Fuyutsuki (narration): In the year 2000, The Second Impact occurred.

2001 AD

Fuyutsuki (narration): And the first year of the 21st century was.
What can I say? It was a time I still find hard to talk about.

2002 AD

Fuyutsuki: This used to be a continent of ice? The entire thing is
gone.

Ikari: Prof. Fuyutsuki.

Fuyutsuki: I don't believe it. You're alive?

Fuyutsuki: I'd heard that you were with the Katsuragi research team,
when the disaster occurred.

Ikari: Fortunately, I'd returned to Japan one day before the incident
happened.

Fuyutsuki: Is that so, Mr. Rokubungi your a very...

Ikari: Excuse me, but I've changed my name.

Fuyutsuki: A postcard? Not a business card?

Postcard: We got married.
Gendo & Yui Ikari
It's been a long time!
How are you doing?

Fuyutsuki: Ikari, Gendo Ikari.

Ikari: My wife has been asking me to send you this for a while now.
She's still quite a fan of yours.

Fuyutsuki: Quite an honor, considering.

Postcard: Gendo & Yui Ikari
It's been a long time!
How are you doing?

Fuyutsuki: So how is Yui doing? Why isn't she on this expedition?

Ikari: Oh, Yui wanted to come as well, but we have a child to
consider now.



Fuyutsuki: There are a lot of ugly rumors about this organisation you
work for, Seele or whatever it's called. I don't like the way
it bullies the Committee.

Ikari: I'm afraid that it's necessary. An organisation can't have too
many scruples, in this day and age.

Fuyutsuki: It may be true that Second Impact has changed a lot of
things, but if this official investigation team had been
composed solely of Seele personnel, there would have of been
trouble. Were the rest of us just invited for political
convenience?



2015 AD

NERV Headquarters - 4th Isolation Ward

Misato: I hate the darkness. All it does is bring back the most
horrible memories.



Fuyutsuki: Who is she?

Staff: The only survivor of the research team.

2002 AD

Antarctica Investigation Team Ship
2nd Isolation Ward

Staff: Her name is Misato Katsuragi.

Fuyutsuki: Katsuragi? You mean Dr. Katsuragi's daughter?

Staff: Yes. But she hasn't said a word for two years.

Fuyutsuki: How terrible.

Staff: She saw hell first hand. Her physical wounds could be healed,
but repairing the damage to her mind, will take time.

Fuyutsuki: Indeed.



Fuyutsuki: The results of our investigation aren't easy to analyse.
This giant of light is but one of many mysteries.

Fuyutsuki (narration): Later the United Nations would make an official
declaration, that Second Impact had been caused by a massive
meteor strike on Antarctica.

Fuyutsuki (narration): For someone who knew what I knew, those
announcements were obvious fabrications. Seele and a man named
Keel, were behind the cover-up. It became my goal, my
obsession, to find the real answers, the truth that was being
suppressed.



2003 AD
Hakone

Artificial Evolution Research Lab.
Under the Direct Supervision of the UN.

Fuyutsuki (narrate): Even if my former student Yui was involved as
well...

Fuyutsuki: Why did you conceal the existence of the giant?! You knew
Second Impact was going to happen, didn't you?! You can talk
all you want to about how it was just luck, that you returned
one day before it occurred!

Gendo Ikari, Director

Fuyutsuki: But how do you explain the fact that you brought back all
the expeditions records and findings?! I know for a fact, your
personal files contain more than we recovered Ikari!

Ikari: I'm surprised that these weren't destroyed.

Fuyutsuki: Sloppy housework. I've checked into your estate as well,
bringing up a child and educating him is expensive. But isn't
this a bit much for a civil servant.

Ikari: Very impressive Prof. Fuyutsuki. Perhaps you should be
teaching economics?

Fuyutsuki: I'm going to go public with the real truth about you,
Seele, Second Impact and the Dead Sea Scrolls. What you've
done is completely inexcusable!

Ikari: As you wish. But first, there is something I'd like to show
you.



Fuyutsuki: How far down are we going.

Ikari: Worried?

Fuyutsuki: A little bit.

Fuyutsuki: Oh my God!...

Ikari: We didn't make this. Someone or something else excavated this
cavity, although 89% of it was buried.

Fuyutsuki: Then, this was originally a giant sphere.

Ikari: Yes. This Geo-front is what has been consuming the total
resources of the human race.



Akagi: Oh, Prof. Fuyutsuki.

Fuyutsuki: Dr. Akagi, you're here too.

Akagi: Yes. This is the ideal place for advancing our research
towards creating the ultimate bio-computer system.

Fuyutsuki: Hmm.

Akagi: I'm going to name them the Magi.

Fuyutsuki: The Magi, the three wisemen of the East. Is this what you
wanted to show me?

Akagi: No. It's over this way. Ritsuko, I'll be right back.



Fuyutsuki: Unbelievable... Is this a giant of light?

Akagi: No. In Gehirn we refer to the Second Impact giant as Adam. But
this isn't the one.

#Gehirn - the German word for "brain."

Fuyutsuki: Then, what is this?

Akagi: This is what man has created from Adam, Eva.

Fuyutsuki: Eva?

Ikari: The operation to revive Adam, is referred to as Project E.
This is Eva Unit Zero, our system prototype.

Fuyutsuki: Prototype? Prototype of what?

Ikari: Fuyutsuki, will you join us in creating a new genesis for
mankind.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :21

The Birth Of Nerv



2015 AD

Maya: Ah, ma'am.

Ritsuko: Oh, sorry. I zoned out. Let's proceed with Rei's repeat-test.

Maya: I haven't seen Major Katsuragi today.

Ritsuko: Ah, neither have I.



Ritsuko: Huh, Katsuragi?

Misato: Yeah, Misato Katsuragi, pleased to meet ya.

2005 AD
Tokyo-2, Nagano

Tokyo-2
University

Ritsuko: Dear mother, I have just became acquainted with a girl named
Katsuragi. Most people tend to keep their distance from me
once they find out who I am. Which forces me to remember how
important your name is around here. But Misato is different.
She's very open and honest, even with me. I also understand
that she's the only survivor from the original research team.
She used to be mute. But she talks almost constantly now, like
she's trying to make up for lost time.

Akagi: Dear Ritsuko, I'm underground so much this days that I feel
like a mole. And I'm getting royally sick and tired of living
on the box lunches they provide here. That should improve
though, up on the surface they've started construction of
Tokyo-3.

Ritsuko: Misato hasn't shown up at college for the last few days. And
I finally force her to tell me why. Talk about stupid! She
spent the whole week having sex with her new boyfriend, a
whole week. I think there's another side to her I haven't seen
before and it disturbs me. Well, she introduced me to him
today. And he's handsome alright, but his sloppy grooming and
attitude really bother me.

Akagi: You've always been a little boy shy Ritsuko dear. I think it's
because you only had a mother and no men in your life. And I'm
afraid that I never reeled you in, as often as I should have.
I'm ashamed to admit it, but I've only acted like a mother
when it suited my whims.

Akagi: Which wasn't often.


2004 AD

Hakone 2nd
Underground Lab

Staff: Desuetudo experiment will begin in 5 minutes.

Fuyutsuki: Why is there a child in here?

Akagi: That's Commander Ikari's son.

Fuyutsuki: Ikari. This isn't a daycare center. This is an important
event.

Yui: I'm sorry, Professor. I'm the one who brought Shinji here.

Fuyutsuki: But Yui, this is your experiment today.

Yui: That's why I brought him. I want to show him how bright the
future will be.

Akagi: Those words would prove to be Yui's last. A freak accident
wiped her from this existence. Just as I had hoped it would.
What a disgusting woman I am. Ritsuko, after that day,
Commander Ikari changed completely.



Fuyutsuki: Where have you been all week? I understand your grief. But
you must know that your life no longer belongs to you alone.

Ikari: I know. Fuyutsuki, as of today we will begin the new project.
I have already made the proposal to Chairman Keel.

Fuyutsuki: You mean it's approved?

Ikari: Yes. That which has never been achieved, the path to becoming
one with God. The Human Instrumentality Project.


2008 AD

Ritsuko: Dear mother, congratulations on completion of your Magi
theorems. I have good news too. It's been decided, that I will
officially join Gehirn. I'll start working on project E next
month.



Guard: Who are you?

Ritsuko: Dr. Ritsuko Akagi, Technological Development Section. Here's
my ID. I came to see how the new Command Center Installation
was coming along, but I got lost.

Guard: The Commander and Dr. Akagi will see you in the Command
Center.



Akagi: Are you alright?

Ikari: Yes. I have no regrets concerning my work.

Akagi: You're lying! You still can't forget about Yui, can you? But
that's acceptable, to me.


2010 AD

Ikari: And this is Gehirn Headquarters.

Akagi: Good morning, Commander. Did you bring your child today? Oh
wait, I could've sworn that you had a son.

Ikari: Oh-no, this isn't Shinji. I decided to take care of an
acquaintance's child. Her name is Rei Ayanami.

Ritsuko: Hello Rei, I'm Ritsuko!

Akagi (thinking): She resembles someone. Yui?!



Akagi: All of the records containing Rei Ayanami have been deleted.
They're all blank. What's going on?


S.C. Magi
System
Complete

Akagi: Magi Casper, Magi Balthasar, Magi Melchior. The Magi are the
three aspects of myself. Myself as a scientist, myself as a
mother and myself as a woman. The three aspects that combine
to make one whole.

Ritsuko: The three faces of mother. And all that's left to do is to
turn the power on.

Ritsuko: I'll be leaving early today. Misato just got back.

Akagi: Oh, yes, I'd heard that she just joined Gehirn. In Germany, if
I recall.

Ritsuko: Yes. She's with the third branch.

Akagi: So, she's having a long distance relationship.

Ritsuko: It didn't work out.

Akagi: They broke up, but they always seemed like such a perfect
couple.

Ritsuko: The interaction of men and women, isn't very logical.

Akagi: You're always so cool and analytical about these things.
Aren't you afraid you'll lose your chance at happiness?

Ritsuko: First, I have to find a definition of happiness. It's been a
while since I went out.

Akagi: Well, have a good one.

Ritsuko: See you later.



Akagi: Hm? Hm? Did you need me for something, Rei?

Rei: I lost my way, Doctor.

Akagi: Is that so, well, do you want to come with me then?

Rei: No thanks.

Akagi: But how will you get home all by yourself?

Rei: That's not your business, old hag.

Akagi: Old hag?...

Rei: I can find my way home by myself, old hag.

Akagi: You shouldn't call someone an "old hag," Rei.

Rei: But you are an old hag, aren't you?

Akagi: I'm getting mad! Commander Ikari will spank you for this, you
little...

Rei: The Commander is someone who calls you that. He says that old
hag is annoying, that old hag is no use anymore.
old hag is no use anymore.
old hag is no use anymore.
old hag is no use anymore.
old hag is no use anymore.
old hag is no use anymore.
The Commander's someone that calls you that.
(Yui) He says that old hag is annoying, that old hag is no use
anymore.

Akagi: You little bitch! You're replaceable too did you know that
Rei. You're just as replaceable as me.

Akagi: Oh-no!



Fuyutsuki (narration): The Instrumentality Committee, dissolved the
Gehirn Research Organisation. In order to execute the project
the Gehirn had conceived, a new special organisation called
Nerv, was formed. All of Gehirn's existing personnel were
transferred into Nerv, all except one, the one who had
rendered such a remarkable service to the Magi System,
Dr. Akagi.



2015 AD

Fuyutsuki: Is that you?

Kaji: Yes it is. It's been a while hasn't it.

Fuyutsuki: You know, this action will probably result in your death.

Kaji: All I want is to get closer to the truth... To have it in my
grasp.



Staff: Here. Thank you for your cooperation.

Misato: Is it over now?

Staff: Yes it is. A solution to the problem has been found.

Misato: I see. Where is he?

Staff: I wouldn't know that.



Kaji: Oh, hi. You're a little late aren't you?



Misato: I'm home.

Kaji(message): Katsuragi, it's me. I'm sure you're listening to this
message, especially after I caused you so much trouble. Sorry.
Please tell Ritsu "I'm sorry," too. And there's one more thing
to trouble you with. I've been growing flowers. I'd appreciate
it if you could water them for me. Shinji knows where they
are. Katsuragi, the truth is with you. Don't hesitate. Move
ahead! If I can see you again, I will say the words that I
could not say 8 years ago. Bye.

Machine: This message was recorded at 2 minutes past two.

Misato: (Weeping) You fool.... You were always such a fool.

Shinji: All I could do was run, run away from Misato. There was
nothing I could say. I was just a child.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Having been surpassed by Shinji yet again, Asuka falls into a
dark pit of despair. And the damage inflicted in the next
Angels attack is even more horrifying. Shinji can find no
words to sooth her shattered soul. It's the next episode: At
Least, Be Humane.
  