
  La raison d'etre
The reason to for existence

The reason that allows
one to exist.

The Case of Shinji Ikari

This boy wished for death.

The other boy accepted
that wish.

The last Angel is no more.

Yet, Shinji Ikari is still full
of anguish.

Why did you kill him?!

Why did you kill him?!

Why did you kill him?!

Why did you kill him?!

Why did you kill him?!

Shinji: There was no other choice!

Why did you kill him?!

Shinji: Because he was an Angel, Kaoru was an Angel!

Although he was human
as well?

Shinji: He was still an Angel! He was still one of the enemy!

Although he was human
as well?

Shinji: He wasn't! He wasn't! He wasn't!

Rei: Even though was as human as me.

Shinji: No! He was an Angel!

Rei: Is that why you killed him?

Shinji: Yes! Otherwise, we'd all die! We'd have all been destroyed!

Rei: So that's why you killed him?

Shinji: I didn't want to kill him! I didn't have a choice.

And so, you killed him.

Shinji: Help me.

And so, you killed him.

Shinji: Please, just help me.

And so, you killed him.

Shinji: For God's sake help me!

And so, you killed him.

Shinji: Somebody please help me!

And so, you killed him.

Shinji: Is anyone listening?! Somebody please help me! I'm begging
you!



Shinji: Kaoru should have survived. He was much better than I am.
Kaoru should have survived. Not me.

Misato: No. The one who deserves to survives is the one who has the
will to make it happen. He wished for death. He ignored his
will to survive and chose, to die for a false hope. Your
survival is not a mistake Shinji.



Shinji: Are you sure?

Anxiety

Shinji: Are you sure it was right?

Obsession

Shinji: I don't understand. What can I do? What am I suppose to do?!

What do you fear?

Shinji: What was that?

What do you fear?

Shinji: I fear myself.

What do you fear?

Shinji: I fear being hated.

What do you fear?

Shinji: But by whom?

What do you fear?

Shinji: Who is it?

What do you fear?

Shinji: It's my, father. My father abandoned me! He hates me! If
others hate me, what will I do? What will I do?



Shinji: Where am I? Where am I suppose to go? I can't see anything. I
don't understand what I feel.

Shinji: Misato? Misato! Hey, where are you Misato?! I can't see! Hey,
where am I suppose to go?! Misato! Asuka! Ayanami! Toji!
Kensuke! Ritsuko! Kaji! Father! Mother! Somebody please tell
me what I have to do now.



Shinji: Evangelion Unit One.

Shinji: I still have to pilot it, even after it made me kill him? My
father and the others tell me, that I have to pilot it no
matter what I want. Why do I have to keep fighting after all
that's happened?! Mother, say something! Answer me!



Why do you pilot Eva?

Shinji: Because everyone tells me to.

Is that the only reason
you pilot it?

Shinji: What'er you mean? It's for the sake of mankind. Isn't that
good enough?!

So, you pilot Eva for the
sake of others?

Shinji: That's right! Is there something wrong with that?! I'm doing
the right thing! And when I do it the others appreciate me!
The others like me then!

Asuka: You're lying.

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: Are you stupid?! You know damn well that you do this for
yourself!

Shinji: Huh?

Asuka: You're just making up excuses, like you always do.

Shinji: I do?

Asuka: Pretending you're sacrificing yourself is just another cop-out.
It makes you feel so special to play the martyr.

Shinji: I'm not sure that's true.

Asuka: You're feeling lonely and isolated nothing more.

Shinji: Am I?

Asuka: Of course you are! You live on sympathy and you get it with
your Eva, Shinji.

Shinji: It could be true.

Asuka: You love having others depend upon you, it satisfies your
twisted little mind.

Shinji: That could be. Eh.

Asuka: If you want real happiness, you've got to find it for
yourself, not wait for someone to give it to you.

Rei: But isn't that what you've been doing?

Asuka: Huh?!



The Second Character

The Case of
Asuka Langley Soryu.

Asuka: I didn't want to be in this thing again. They're forcing me to
pilot this. But this piece of junk won't work! But it's only
junk because of what I've become. I'm the garbage now. I'm
worthless. Nobody needs me. Nobody needs a pilot who can't
even control her own Eva.

Rei: You seek your own value in the perception of others.

Asuka: Shut up!



Separation
Anxiety

Rei: Do you fear being alone.

Separation
Anxiety

Rei: You are afraid that you will lose your identity if others
leave you.

Separation
Anxiety

Child-Asuka: You pilot Eva so you'll be praised.

Affection
Behavior

Asuka: Shut up!

Affection
Behavior

Asuka: Shut up! Leave me alone! How can a wind-up doll like you dare
tell me that?!



The Third Character

The Case of Rei Ayanami

Rei: Who am I?

Rei': You are Rei Ayanami.

Rei: But who are you?

Rei Ayanami

Rei: Are you Rei Ayanami as well?

Rei': Correct. I am the thing that is recognised as Rei Ayanami.

Child-Rei: We are all things that are recognised as Rei Ayanami.

Rei: How could all of those possibly be me?

Rei': It is simply because the others call us Rei Ayanami, that is
the only reason.

Child-Rei: You possess a false body and a fake soul, do you know why?

Rei: I am neither false nor fake, I am simply me.

Rei': No. You are an empty shell with a false soul, created by a man
named Gendo Ikari. You're just an object that's pretending to
be a human. Look deep within yourself, do you perceive the
almost intangible and invisible presence that lurks below your
waking self. Inside your darkest dreams, it is there that your
true identity lies.

Rei: No, I am me. I became myself by the instrumentality of the
links and relationships between myself and others. I am formed
by interaction with others. They create me as I create them.
These relationships and interactions serve to shape the
patterns of my heart and mind.

Those are bonds?

Rei: Yes. That is the name for what I share with those that have
created the thing known as Rei. That is what will continue to
shape me.

Those are bonds.

Child-Rei: But, there is someone else who is your true self. You don't
know her but she exists. You've denied that fact, in an
attempt to suppress that facet of your reality.

Because of fear.

Child-Rei: Because she might not have human form. Because then the
present self might cease to be.

This is fear.

Child-Rei: This is what you fear. That you will become nothing. You're
afraid of me. You would disappear from the minds of others if
another exists.

Rei: I'm afraid. Why is that?

Rei': Because your current self will have never existed.

You are scared, aren't you?

Rei': Because you will cease to be.

You are scared, aren't you?

Rei: No, I'm not. I am happy, because I want to die. I want
despair, I want to return to nothing. But I can't, he won't
let me return to nothingness, not yet. I still exist because
he needs me. But when everything is over, when I am of no use
anymore, he will abandon me. I've prayed for the day he would
abandon me, but now, now I fear it.

Ikari: Come, let us go. This is the day, for which you were created, Rei.

Rei: Yes Sir.

And -

The complementation of
Man Via the
Instrumentality Begins



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE :25

The End Of The World



Once again, Shinji Ikari...

Shinji: What? What feeling is this? I think I've experienced this
sensation before. It's as though my physical form was
disappearing. It feels, agreeable as though my existence is
spreading itself out to cover the entirety of existence.

This is the beginning
of instrumentality.

That which the
people had lost...

...the minds which
had disappeared...

...is rushing in to fill
the void in the Mind.

The complementation,
Instrumentality for the
Mind and the Soul,
begins.

Instrumentality, which
will return all things
to nothingness...

...has begun.

Ikari: Incorrect. It is not a return to nothingness. It is merely a
return to the state of beginning. It is no less than a return
to the primal womb that we lost so long ago. Souls and minds
will become one attaining eternal balance. The final goal is
nothing more than that.

Misato: And that's Instrumentality?

Ritsuko: Yes. There is an emptiness at the very core of our souls, a
fundamental incompleteness that has haunted all beings since
the very first thought.

This lack causes a
void within the mind.

This void is the cause
of anxiety and fear.

Ritsuko: On a primal level, man has always been aware of the darkness
that resides at the core of his mind. We have seeked to escape
from this void and the fear it causes. And all man's
accomplishments were made in the hope of filling it.

Misato: And so you'll just crush everyone's minds together to fill the
gaps! Who made you humanities overseer?! You came to us
bearing an offer of help, yet your benevolence has proved to
be as false as our friendship!

Ritsuko: And yet, that is exactly as you wished it to be!

Misato: Huh?



CASE 1

Misato: Where am I?

The Case of
Misato Katsuragi,
Part 1

Shinji: This is the me that exists in your mind, Misato.

Misato: And yet at the same time this it is also the me which exists
in your mind, isn't it Shinji?

Shinji: In order to establish my identity, I have to communicate with
the minds of many people. I have to examine that which is at
my core. I have to stare at Misato, who resides on the inside
of my mind. What is it that you wish for Misato?

Do you want to be good?

Child-Misato: I have to be a good child.

Why?

Child-Misato: Because I have no daddy. Because I have to be good enough
for my mummy. But I don't want to become like my mum.
When my father is not here she always cries. I can't cry. I
can't depend on anyone else. That's why I have to be good. That way
maybe my father won't hate me as much, I hope. Maybe my father
won't hate me if I be good.

Misato: But I hated my father. And I hated being a good child. I hate
it. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of keeping myself clean. I'm
tired of pretending to be pure and noble. So tired of it all.
I want to disgrace myself, to get so dirty that no one can
stand it! I want to see my life and my reputation ruined!

Ritsuko: Is that why you slept with him? With Kaji?

Misato: No! I slept with him because I love him!

Child-Misato: You did? Did you really love him?

Misato: Yes I did! He accepted me as myself, for the real me!

Are you sure?

Misato: That's why I let him make love to me.

Misato: No! Don't show Shinji this. I don't want him to see that side
of me.

Kaji: Why are you still embarrassed after all that's happened?

Misato: Because I'm ashamed of it.

Misato: Why does this embarrass you? You weren't ashamed then, you
were glad to show your true nature to the man you loved, in
fact you took great pleasure in it.

Misato: No don't do this!

Misato: You wanted to dirty yourself. You should be happy to show this
side of yourself to Shinji, shouldn't you?

Misato: No! No! No!

Misato: Are you sure? Or is it perhaps your father that you'd like to
show this to?

Misato: No!

Misato: Wasn't it really peace of mind that you were seeking in Kaji's
bed?

Misato: No!

Misato: You wanted peace of mind and warmth from Kaji, then?

Misato: No!

Misato: You wanted to find your father in Kaji's embrace, didn't you?

Misato: It's not true!

Misato: It is true. In Kaji I found my father reborn. And so I fled
from him. I was so afraid. He was so much like my father. But
at the same time I was also very happy. I was never happier.
That was such a wonderful time. That's why I hated it. That's
why I left. That's why I ran away.

Kaji: So, no reason was required to begin our love, but you needed a
reason for ending it.

Misato: Yes. You were so kind Kaji. You were so kind to disgrace me,
to dirty me, to deflower me.

Kaji: Just because you hate yourself is no reason to injure yourself
further. Punishing yourself is simply a cheat to make you feel
better for a little while. Don't do this to yourself.

Misato: And now you'll tell me to take care of myself.

Misato: Men always do that. They'll escape to their jobs, their own
world and leave me behind. They always leave me behind.

Child-Misato: Always, just like our father did.

Misato: They always escape from the harsh realities. Harsh reality? I
am his harsh reality. Of course, I am a problem.

Shinji: Stop this, Misato.

Misato: Why should anyone else love me anyway! I hate myself!

Maya: You're vulgar and impure.

Ritsuko: You're pathetic.

Asuka: You're gross and disgusting! I've never seen anyone in such a
disgusting relationship!

Hyuga: Congratulations on your promotion, Major Katsuragi.

Misato: The me who is recognised is the me who is performing a roll
in order to be appreciated. But she's not the real me.

Child-Misato: Your true self is always crying, isn't she?

Misato: Yes. But I am happy.

Am I happy?

Misato: I am happy.

Am I happy?

Misato: It's true, I am happy?

Am I happy?

Misato: I'm not! This isn't the happiness I want!

What is happiness?

Misato: This isn't me, it is not the true myself! I just don't wanta
face the harsh reality!

Shinji: But we have to, we cannot live otherwise.

Shinji: You know you'd be alone and afraid.

Rei: Unstable.

Ritsuko: If nobody was sleeping next to you.

Asuka: Are you afraid of sleeping alone?

Maya: Or does sleeping by yourself remind you of how empty your life
is?

Kaji: She can't stand not having other souls around her.

Hyuga: So, you'll sleep with anyone, won't you Major?

Misato: No!

Misato: Yes. You just want to be infatuated with primal ecstasy. You
want to fill the hole in your heart with temporary escape. You
take advantage of men to soothe the pain in your soul.

Misato: No! No! No!

What does she really wish?



CASE 2

Asuka: Where am I?

Shinji: This is the me which exists in your mind Asuka.

Asuka: And also, this is the me that exists in Shinji's mind at the
same time.

The case of
Asuka Langley Soryu,
Part 1

Shinji: What do you want, Asuka?

Child-Asuka: I wanta live by myself. I don't want my pappa and my
mama. I'll live by myself! And then, I won't cry anymore!

Child-Asuka: (crying)

Asuka: But I'm still crying. Why am I crying?

Step mother: I'm sorry, I just don't like her.

Asuka's father: What happened to you, the able doctor?

Step mother: I told you, I'm a human being before I'm a doctor.

Father: But how can a trained person like you...

Step mother: She acts too much like an adult and she rejects me
absolutely. Sometimes she even scares me. Have you had such a
feeling with her?

Father: No. And in any case you have now become Asuka's mother.

Step mother: I'm your wife before that.

Father: Both duties are concurrent.

Step mother: In a social perspective, yes. But you can't quit being
her father, however I can quit being her mother anytime.

Father: Well you could say so.

Child-Asuka: No mama! Don't leave me! I'll be good, promise! Don't
stop being my mother! Don't ignore me! No mama, don't kill me!

Kyouko: Your pappa hates your mama. He doesn't need me anymore. No,
he didn't love me to begin with. So let's die together.
Because he doesn't want us. He didn't need me at all. And he
doesn't want you either, Asuka.

Child-Asuka: I'm not wanted? I'm not worth anything?

Kyouko: Die with me.

Child-Asuka: No! I am not your doll! I'll think by myself and live by
myself!

Asuka: And then, my mother was hanging from the ceiling. She looked
so happy.

Asuka: But I hated how she looked. I don't wanta die. I don't wanta
disappear. I hate this. I hate boys! I hate my father and my
mother! I hate everyone! Nobody cares about me! Nobody stays
with me!

What does she
really wish?

Asuka: So I don't want to depend on anybody. But I hate it at the
same time! It's a pain! I don't wanta be alone! I don't wanta
be alone! I don't wanta be alone!



Shinji: Don't leave me.

Misato: Don't ignore me.

Asuka: Don't kill me.

Shinji: What the hell is this?

Misato: This is the Instrumentality which your father has initiated.

Shinji: This is it?

Misato: This is part of it.

Asuka: You can't tell what the truth is, Shinji.

Ritsuko: Truth is subjective. Therefore, you can barely tell that
which you can feel is fact.

Rei: The truth is within you.

Fuyutsuki: And the facts that remain in your memory are what will
become your truth.

Ritsuko: Truth can be changed from time to time, sometimes.

Shinji: This is all fact? This is the result of everything?

Asuka: This is real, but one of many realities.

Misato: This is the conclusion you wanted.

Shinji: Wanted? Me?

Rei: Yes. Total destruction. You wished for a world in which nobody
would be saved.

Shinji: No! I didn't wish for this! The others didn't save me?!

Ritsuko: Nobody can save you from yourself.

Kaji: This is what you wished for.

Asuka: Destruction, death and return to nothingness. You wished for
these.

Misato: This is the reality that is.

Shinji: What is reality?

Rei: This is your world.

Hyuga: A world that exists solely for yourself. One without time,
space, or anyone else.

Aoba: A world in which every facet is determined by you.

Maya: This is the world in which you just wait for others to give you
something.

That is reality.

Misato: This is your world unless you decide to change reality.

Shinji: This is the world that is! Nothing can change that!

Ritsuko: No, you yourself make the decision.

Fuyutsuki: This is the world where your mind decides what will be.

That is reality.

Misato: Whether it is the will to survive.

Asuka: Or a wish for death. It is all up to you.

Shinji: Are you saying that this darkness, this insane world, are what
I really wish to create?

Asuka: Yes.

Kaji: You wished for a closed world, that was comfortable for you.

Hyuga: You wished for it, in order to protect you from your weakness.

Aoba: To protect your few pleasures.

Maya: This is merely the result of your wish.

Misato: In your closed world, in a world where only you are allowed to
be, others cannot live with you.

Asuka: But still you wished to close off the world that surrounded
you.

Ritsuko: Your wish, ejected things you disliked and created an
isolated and lonely world, filled with nothing.

Rei: This is the world your wishes have created. A private haven in
the recesses of your mind.

Asuka: This is how it all ends, one of many possible endings.

Misato: This is an ending you brought upon yourself. You chose this
fate.

Instrumentality...



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: An end always comes after a beginning. Will our hopes result
in ultimate destruction? Is our hope death itself? It's the
final episode: The Beast That Shouted 'I' In The Heart Of The
World.
  