
  *Eva is ready for the battle against 'ANGEL'. Shinji is in Eva Unit
*One.
*Misato and Ritsuko are in the operating room of Nerv underground.

Misato: Are you ready, Shinji?

Shinji: Um, yeah.

Misato: Final safety locks release! Evangelion Unit One, move out!

Ritsuko: Shinji, just concentrate on walking for now.

Shinji: Walk...

Ritsuko: He's walking!

Shinji: Walking...

*Eva falls forward.

Misato: Shinji, are you Ok? Hurry, Hurry, you've got to get up!

*ANGEL lifts Eva up and grasps Eva's left arm tightly.

Misato: Shinji, calm down. That's not your real arm!

Ritsuko: Where are his defense systems?

Maya: The signal's not working.

Hyuga: His field's not up, it's not unfolding!

Ritsuko: It's not up?!

*ANGEL breaks Eva's left arm.

Maya: Left arm damaged.

Hyuga: The circuits have snapped.

Misato: Shinji, move!

*ANGEL batters at Eva's head.

Maya: There's a crack on the front of the brain case!

Ritsuko: That armour won't take much more.

#Japanese word above 'EMERGENCY' has the same meaning.

Hyuga: The head is damaged, extent of damage unknown!

Maya: The control nerves are breaking off.

Aoba: We're not getting any readings on the pilot.

Misato: No Shinji!



Shinji: Unfamiliar ceiling...



TITLE



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE: 2

Unfamiliar Ceiling / The BEAST



#In this series, there are a Japanese title and an English one
#for each episode. The English one has different meaning from the
#Japanese one. This episode has 'Mishiranu, Tenjo (Unknown
#Ceiling)' and 'BEAST' as the titles.

*A tent in the center of the Angel's self-explosion

#Japanese words above 'DANGER, KEEP OUT' has the same meaning,
#literally 'DANGER, KEEP OUT AREA'.



Lorenz: So the Angels have returned... It's rather sudden.

Member(yellow): It's the same as it was fifteen years ago. That's the
way of disasters, they come without warning.

Member(red): On the positive side our previous investments would
appear to be not such a waste after all.

Member(blue): You can't be sure about that yet. If it doesn't pay off,
it's still a waste.

Member(yellow): Correct. Now that news of the Angels has become common
knowledge. Nerv must take steps, to control the manner in
which this information is received by the general public.

Ikari: You may rest assured that its already being taken care of.
Don't worry.



*Misato is changing TV channels in the tent

*Channel 12

#'Government's Urgent Press Announcement'(center) and 'On the
#spot broadcasting'(right) at the bottom of the display.

TV: Government officials have announced that in regard to the
declaration of the...

*Channel 4

#'Mayumi, the Chief Cabinet Secretary' at the bottom.

TV: This incident...

*Channel 8

TV: The UN forces...

#'BS' means a satellite broadcasting.

*Misato is fanning herself.

Misato: &quot;Public Scenario B-22&quot;, just like we thought. So we're
covering up the truth again.

Ritsuko: Well, at least the PR people are happy. They've finally got
something to do.

Misato: We're being pretty casual about it.

Ritsuko: I don't think so. Actually, I think we're all pretty scared.

Misato: Of course we are...



Member(blue): Well, we must acknowledge that.

Member(green): But still, I wonder Mr. Ikari, were Nerv and Eva used
efficiently.

Member(yellow): Repair costs for Unit One, added to the development
cost for Unit Zero... Are simply staggering.

Member(red): We also understand that you gave that toy to your own
son.

Member(blue): Time, money and manpower... How much more will be wasted
by you and your family?

Member(red): And that is not your only responsibility.

#The cover of the report says:
#TOP SECRET
#HUMAN ENHANCEMENT PROJECT
#UNITED NATIONS SUPREME COUNCIL
#17TH INTERIM REPORT
#HUMAN ENHANCEMENT COMMITTEE
#PROJECT OUTLINE, 2015 AD,
#SUMMARY

Member(red): The Human Enhancement Project, that should be your top
priority.

Member(yellow): Correct. Under these desperate circumstances that
project may be the only real hope for the future of mankind.
Do you understand?

Lorenz: In any event, the Angels are no excuse for the delay in the
schedule of that project. We may consider adjusting the
budget.

Member(green): The rest of the meeting does not concern you.

Member(yellow): Your presence here was, appreciated.

Lorenz: Ikari, you do know that there can be no turning back.

Ikari: I know. Mankind has no time left.



*Shinji stands in a corridor, gazing out a window. Rei passes by him,
*wheeled by on a hospital bed.



*Misato and Ritsuko are in the truck, headed back.

Misato: Man, air conditioning's the greatest thing! Man's triumph over
nature!

Ritsuko: Shinji's finally woken up.

Misato: And how is he?

Ritsuko: Well, his memory seems a bit muddled, but...

Misato: You don't think it could be brain damage do you?

Ritsuko: I don't think we should worry.

Misato: Really... You're right, he did have a pretty hectic day.

Ritsuko: Poor little kid. His cerebellum must of taken a lot of
stress.

Misato: Cerebellum? Don't you mean his heart.



*Shinji is sitting in the hospital waiting room, looking at his left
*arm.



*A big gun is being moved

#The sign (a constructor's duty) says:
#
#Notification of Construction
#Building: Guided Weapons Systems Building #25
#Location: 4-75-1-90, Ta, Tokyo-3 Use: Secret
#Site Area: 192.68 Building area: 107.41
#All Area: 261.05
#Structure: Steel Frame Construction Foundation
#Work: Piling
#
#Story: 8stories up, 2 under ground Height:22.65m
#Start Construction: November, 2014
#Completion: August 2015
#Builder: The Tokyo 3 Build Dept. 1st Division.
#Designer: The Tokyo 3 Tech. Research Center.
#Actual Constructor: Classified

Misato: If Eva and this city both operate at their full potential, we
might make it through this.

Ritsuko: You're such an optimist.

#Japanese on the big parts moved across the display means:
#'DANGER, HIGH TENSION VOLTAGE, CAUTION

Misato: Hey, sometimes you need a little wishful thinking just to keep
on living.

Ritsuko: I see your point, it's nice to hear a positive attitude. I'll
see you later.

Misato: Ok, see-ya.



#The sign says:
#1st CRANIAL NERV
#EMERGENCY EXIT

Announcement: Dr. Ugai, internal department one, Dr. Ugai, internal
department one please call Dr. Azuma of the first surgical
department immediately. The medical conference regarding the B
experiment, will be held as scheduled, all supervisors please
proceed to conference room two.

*Misato comes for Shinji.



*Shinji and Misato are waiting for the elevator to come. The door
*opens and they find Ikari within. Shinji turns his face away and the
*door closes.



*Shinji and Misato are on an escalator.

Ritsuko (voice): They don't want to live together, are you sure?

Fuyutsuki (voice): I think that, living apart is natural, to them.

Ritsuko (voice): And, being together is unnatural?...



*Shinji and Misato stand before a man at the model of Nerv.

#RESIDENCE REGISTRATION RESIDENT'S CARD
#6-24, DISTRICT F, GEO-FRONT, TOKYO-3
#1: Ikari Shinji 0001-137-2

Misato: He'll be living alone?

Man in charge: That's right, his room will be on the 6th Block beyond
this one. Is that all right?

Shinji: Yes Sir.

Misato: Shinji, are you sure about that?

Shinji: Living alone, is fine with me. I'm alone anyway.



#The colour of a normal public telephone which accepts coins and
#a telephone card is GREEN. The color of a brand-new one which
#has terminals for information network.

Ritsuko: What did you say?!

Misato: You heard me, I said I'll be taking Shinji home to live at my
place, Ok. It's already been approved. And don't worry, I'm not
gonna be making any passes at him.

Ritsuko: Of course your not! How could you even think of such things?!
You've got no shame at all! I can't believe...

Misato: Some people don't have any sense of humor.



*Misato drives her blue car through a tunnel.

Misato: Well, I guess we have to have a party tonight, huh?

Shinji: Why is that?

Misato: It's a welcoming party in honour of my new roommate, of
course!



#The sign says: 'CONVENIENCE'.
#'K' on the sign. As you know, 'K-Mart' in the U.S. and 'Circle
#K' in Japan. There are many convenience stores in Japan.

#You can see only many instant foods which Misato is going to
#buy. 'Tasty corned beef', 'Hamburg of beef 100%', 'Pork soup
#Chinese noodle(Tonkotsu Ramen', Packed lunch (Bento)' ......
#It's an example of convenient but poor meals ......
#A donation box for poor people is at a cashier.

Housewife A: So are you going to move after all?

Housewife B: Yes, I'd never had dreamt that this city would become a
battlefield.

Housewife A: Yeah, my husband's saying that at least the kids and I
should move.

Housewife B: Don't I know it... This city may be a fortress, but
that's no guarantee of safety.

Housewife A: Just thinking about it...



*The car is going along the road to the top of the hill.

Misato: I, hope you don't mind if we make a little stop on the way.

Shinji: A stop where?

Misato: Oh it's a really cool place.



Shinji: It's so desolate. The city seems so lonely.

Misato: Here we go.

*Alarm

Shinji: It's awesome! The buildings are, growing!

Misato: This city is a fortress, designed to stand against the Angels.
This is Tokyo-3, this is our city and it's the city that you
saved.



Neon Genesis Evangelion
EPISODE: 2

Unfamiliar Ceiling / The BEAST



Misato: Your things ought to have been delivered already, Shinji.

#Boxes printed 'MITTU' at the entrance of Misato's room are the
#ones used for movement. There are similar boxes from a carrier
#named 'NITTSU(or NITTU)'.

Misato: I just moved here myself you know.

Misato: Hey, come in.

Shinji: Err... I don't... want to intrude? (OJAMASHIMASU)

Misato: Shinji, this is your home now!

Shinji: I'm... I'm home. (TADAIMA)

Misato: Welcome home! (OKAERINASAI)

*The name plate on the door says 'Katsuragi'.

#Japanese Greeting (Everyone says like the below)
#Someone comes home and says 'TADAIMA'
#In answer to 'TADAIMA', the person at home says 'OKAERI(NASAI)'
#But when someone visit other's houses, the visitor says
#'OJAMASHIMASU' These greetings are very important in the context
#related to 'Home'. If you've seen 'Gunbuster', you ought to have
#seen a touching 'OKAERINASAI'.



*How untidy it is!

Misato: Um... As you can see the place is just a little bit messy...
but go ahead and make yourself comfortable.

*Beer cans, whisky bottles and potato chips (you see Japanese
'Potechi') are on the dinning table

#Some moving boxes. The Japanese written on them says that there
#are clothes for the winter in them. A car magazine on the top
#has written 'Overseas New Model's Sudden Unveiling'

Shinji: This is... a little messy...

Misato: Ah, sorry, could you put the food in the fridge, please.

Shinji: Ah, yes ma'am.

Shinji: Ice...

Shinji: Snacks...

#Tongue, roast chicken, Relish cut cheese (with salami)

Shinji: And 50 gallons of beer... What kind of life does she lead?

#'YEBICHU' is from 'YEBISU,' which I love to drink. She has good
#taste in beer. The price is 10 yen higher than other beers
#because it is made from 100% malt. Sometimes they confused
#'YEBICHU' with 'YEBISU'. 'YEBISU' is originally the name of one
#of the Seven Deities of Good Fortune.

Shinji: Eh, excuse me, what's in the other fridge?

Misato: Ah, don't mind that. He's probably still sleeping.

Shinji: Sleeping...?



Microwave Oven: Chin!

#We say 'Doing chin(chin-suru)'. Food like balls with a toothpick
#in a box is TAKOYAKI, tasty foods especially in Osaka.


Misato: Let's eat! (ITADAKIMASU)

Shinji: Yeah, Let's eat (ITADAKIMASU).

#Japanese Greeting (Everyone says like the below)
#Before meals: ITADAKIMASU (Literally: I'll eat.)
#After meals: GOCHISOSAMA(DESHITA) (literally: It was a good
#meal.)

*Misato chugs a beer

Misato: Phaaaaaah Yeaaaaaah!! Good stuff! You know life just doesn't
get any better than this!

Misato: Hmm, not hungry? It's good, even if it is all instant.

Shinji: I'm sorry... I'm just... not used to food like this.

Misato: What! Are you finicky?!

Shinji: Ah... No... That's not what I...

Shinji: Uh...

Misato: Isn't this nice?

Misato: Having two for dinner sure beats eating alone.

Shinji: Ah...ha.

*Shinji and Misato do JANKEN (the game of 'paper, rock and scissors')

#JANKEN is similar to TOSSING A COIN. JANKEN is a convenient and
#popular way to decide the winner because many people can do
#together and need only their own hands.
#Rule: You can do three kinds of hand's forms, GU, CHOKI, PA. GU
#is 'stone', CHOKI is 'Scissors' and PA is 'paper'. GU can defeat
#CHOKI, CHOKI can defeat PA and PA can defeat GU. Guess the
#reasons. The situation when no one wins is called AIKO.

Misato: Here we go, let's go for the next one!

Misato: Paper-scissors-stone!

Misato: 3!

Misato: 2!

Misato: 1!

Misato: Go!

Misato: I'm sorry Shinji.

#The table says:
#OUR SCHEDULE
#First Line: (To-Do/day of the week)(Sun)(Mon)(Tue)(Wed)(Thurs)
(Fri)(Sat)#Second Line: (Breakfast)(Shi)(Shi)(Mi)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)
#Third Line: (Dinner)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)(Mi)(Shi)(Shi)(Mi)
#Fourth Line:(Garbage)(Shi)(Mi)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)
#Fifth Line:(Bath Cleaning)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)(Shi)(Mi)(Shi)(Shi)
#Misato is very good at JANKEN.

Misato: Ok, that was a really fair way to split up the chores wasn't
it?

Shinji: Yeah...

Misato: This is your home, so feel free to take advantage of
everything here, except of course of me that is.

Shinji: Ah, yes ma'am.

Misato: Yes, yes, yes... Is that all you can say? It's getting on my
nerves! You're a boy, act like one!

Shinji: Ah... yes ma'am.

Misato: I guess that's just the way you are. Why don't you go take a
bath. Yeah, wash away your troubles! Bathing cleans the mind
and soul.


*Pen-Pen appears.



*Shinji bursts in naked, startled at Pen-Pen.

Shinji: Wowowowowowowow! Mi-- Mi-- Mi-- Miss. Misato!

Misato: What?

Shinji: A p..p... A pe...pe... A p... A p... Huh?

Misato: Oh, him? He's one of those new warm water penguins.

Shinji: That was a what...?

Misato: His name's Pen-Pen. He's your other roommate.

Misato: Umm... Why don't you cover up?

Misato: I guess I should be nicer. But, he's probably already made up
his mind about me.



*Shinji is taking a bath.

Shinji (thinking): Misato Katsuragi... She's not a bad person.

Misato (flashback): Bathing cleans the mind and soul.

Shinji (thinking): But bad memories always seem to find me in the
bath.

Shinji (thinking): Like my Father...

Shinji: And that girl Rei.



*The room has been seriously destroyed. Was it caused by that
*accident?

Ritsuko: So how was Rei today?... You did see her at the hospital
today didn't you?

Ikari: She can work again in 20 days. By then we'll be ready to
reactivate Unit Zero from cryo-stasis.

Ritsuko: It's so hard on these children...

Ikari: There is no one else who can pilot the Evas, as long as they
survive, that is what I'll have them do.

Ritsuko: With no regard to what they may want?



#The sign on the door says:
#'Shinji's Lovely Suite'

#The paper says:
#CITY JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL NO. 1
#TRANSFER ADMISSION
#SHINJI IKARI

Misato: Yeah. After all the horrible stuff he went through, I don't
think he'll pilot again.



*Misato is taking a bath while talking on a telephone.

Ritsuko: Maintaining him is part of your job.

Misato: I'm just scared. I don't know how to deal with it.

Ritsuko: Grumbling already? But it was your idea to take him in you
know.

Misato: Oh, shut up!

Misato: I was just thinking of Shinji as a tool. I'm as shameless as
Ritsuko. We destroyed the Angel but... I don't feel happy.



*Shinji is lying on his bed.

Shinji: Another unfamiliar ceiling... Of course, in this whole city
there's no place that's familiar.

Misato (flashback): This is your home now.

Shinji: Why am I here?



*Eva seems to have been defeated by ANGEL.
*Red, blood-like liquid spurts from the head.

#Japanese in red says EMERGENCY

Hyuga: The head is damaged, extent of damage unknown!

Maya: We're having problems maintaining activation!

Misato: Status report?

Maya: Synchrograph, reversing. The pulses are flowing backwards!

Ritsuko: Break the circuit now! Do it!

Maya: We can't! It's not accepting the signal.

Misato: What about Shinji?

Hyuga: His monitors aren't reacting. His condition's unknown!

Aoba: Unit One's gone completely silent.

Ritsuko: Misato!

Misato: We've got no choice. Abort the operation! We've got to rescue
the pilot. Eject the entry plug!

Maya: We can't. It's completely out of control.

Misato: What did you say?!

*Eva's left eye flashes.

Staff: The Eva's reactivating!

Maya: I don't believe it! This can't be!

Misato: My God...!

Ritsuko: Berserker!

*Eva roars.

Fuyutsuki: We've done it.

Ritsuko: It's an AT-Field!

Misato: No not now! As long as that Field is up--

Ritsuko: --he can't get near that Angel.

Aoba: The left arm's regenerated itself.

Misato: No way...

Maya: Unit One's expanding its own AT-Field. It's neutralising the
phase space.

Ritsuko: No, it's breaking through it...

Misato: It broke through the AT-Field like it wasn't there.

*ANGEL hugs Eva's head, changing shape and covering it like a ball.

Misato: It's gonna self-destruct?!

*A big explosion.

Misato: Is the Eva...?

*Eva is walking, alive

Ritsuko: That must be--

Misato: --Eva's true form.

*Blackout

Aoba: Circuits reconnected.

*Shinji conscious in the entry plug

Maya: Systems restored. Graphs back to normal.

Hyuga: Pilot life signs, confirmed!

Misato: Preserving the pilot's life is our first priority.

Ritsuko: Send out the recovery teams, hurry up!

*Eva's helmet falls off, and one of Eva's eyes appears, seeming to
*stare at Shinji. Shinji starts screaming...

Shinji: Aaaah...!



*Misato opens the door to Shinji's room and says...

Misato: Shinji, can I come in? I forgot to tell you something. You did
something very good and very noble today, you should, be
proud. Good night, Shinji. Hang in there.



Ending Theme Song



Trailer: Shinji, who's gone through his whole life without even having
himself, might not have any friends, but the fact that he's
become a pilot makes him a hero. Shinji's embarrassed to be in
the spotlight, and there are those watching him who feel
anger, not adulation. It's the next episode:
The Phone That Never Rings.
And of course more fan service.










snap : 〈小枝などが〉ポキッと折れる, 〈ロープなどが〉プツンと切れる；〈神経などが〉（緊張で）急に耐えられなくなる
make a pass at ... : ((略式))〈女に〉言い寄る
finicky : （食べ物・服装などに）いやにやかましい, 凝り性の((about ...))
hang in (there) : ((主に米略式))あくまでもがんばる, くじけない, 耐え抜く
  