
  The Chinese Federation, an alliance of nations boasting the largest population on the planet.
But the truth is, it can be called a doddering old man.
The symbol of this alliance is the empress.
The ruling class which controls society from within her shadow has grown exceedingly tyrannical while poverty and stagnation have sapped the life from the nation's people.
When the Black Knights fled Japan they sought refuge in this neighboring federation.
The High Eunuchs, the most powerful men at the time, lend the Japanese people the man-made island of Hourai, built for tidal power generation off the Jiangsu province on the coast of the Yellow Sea.
Even though this arrangement was worked out well in advance, all the political implications of the deal will not become apparent until a later time.





Minami: Man, the Federation's laying a lot of recognition on us.

Sugiyama: There was that whole bit with Sawasaki, too. Think they're pro-Japanese?

Asahina: The High Eunuchs, you mean?

Tamaki: Asahina! Don't you know? The High Eunuchs may be guys but they got no jewels down below.

Minami: That's enough. You'll get us in trouble for saying stuff like that.

Tamaki: Aw, chill out!

Ohgi: Hey, I need a hand off-loading the knightmares.

Asahina: What? They're here already? Something's gotta be going on behind the scenes for India to be giving us this much cooperation.

Tamaki: No, I think it's that they're serious. They want their independence from the Chinese Federation as well.

Asahina: Rakshata mentioned that, too.

Tamaki: Considering the place is nowheresville.



Children: C'mon. Hurry.

Diethard: We finished picking out stuff leader candidates. Should we assign them to the Ikaruga for now?

Lelouch: Yes. That leaves us with the municipal leaders.

Diethard: Correct. Let's work with the intelligent section and get that setup. Now then, if you'll excuse me.

Kallen: Are you sure that we can depend on Diethard? He acts on his own like what he did with Sayoko.

Lelouch: On the contrary, he's easy to read.

Kallen: Huh?

Lelouch: In that man's mind he's trying to turn Zero into a symbol for god. Going from there you can guess what actions he'll take. Besides he has a useful talent for manipulating information.



Tohdoh: All right. That just about does it. That only leaves the combat carrier. You're installing the Gawain's system onto the Ikaruga, aren't you?

Rakshata: I use the same on Shinkiro, too. The Gawain's main body was so damaged when we salvaged it from the sea.

Chiba: And what about the unit that sank with it?

Tohdoh: The one being called the Knight Gigafortress?

Rakshata: I tried to find out myself however...



Kallen: You seriously wanna take down the Chinese Federation's capital?

Lelouch: In such a way that we won't be viewed as invaders. If we overthrow the Luoyang, we clear a lot of conditions for defeating Britannia.

Kallen: He seems to be okay now. I don't know what was happening with him that time.

Lelouch: What is it?

Kallen: Tell me something, Lelouch. Why did you come back to us?

Lelouch: Kallen, when this is over, will you then return with me to Ashford. 'cause I'm...

C.C: Tabasco?

Lelouch: How long have you been there?

C.C: It needs Tabasco, but all we have is hot sesame oil. What should I do?

Lelouch: I wouldn't know.

Kallen: I wouldn't neither.

Kaguya: Master Zero! Please come to the Ikaruga, hurry! We've got trouble!



Lelouch: What!? A political marriage?

Kaguya: Yes. I received an invitation to the wedding through the Sumeragi Conglomerate. The bride to be is the empress, icon of the Chinese Federation. I'm her good friend that she wants me to attend.

Tohdoh: And the groom is to be the first prince of Britannia.

Rakshata: That one they call Odysseus.

Diethard: It's too soon to activate the plan we've setup. I didn't expect that the High Eunuchs would...

Lelouch: No. This is a Britannian plot.

Ohgi: What do we do under the circumstance?

Lelouch: The worst possible situation.

Lelouch: And I was going to move in and grab the empress before they had a chance to! I never imagine that mediocre man could act so quickly.

Tamaki: Oh, why worry about it? It's not as if we were involved Britannia anymore?

Kallen: What!?

Tamaki: We've been kicked out! Have you forgotten?

Inoue: Um...but they haven't exonerated us of our crimes, have they?

Black Knights: However a political marriage...

Black Knights: There's always the possibility that the Chinese Federation might attack us.

Tamaki: And what then!? The Black Knights are wrapped up and given as a wedding present?

Kaguya: Actually, that's an apt way to put it.

C.C: You're sure developing a useless ability there.

Tamaki: We're in big trouble here! We're in no position to sit around and make jokes!

Rakshata: Which is why...

Ohgi: We are discussing the matter at this moment.

Diethard: Zero, the one behind this...

Lelouch: Yes, there's another person. The one who overnight made this fiendish move in order to reverse their embittered relationship with the Chinese Federation.

Xingke: They would dare barter away the empress to the Britannians?



Suzaku: Tell me, did the empress willingly consent to this marriage?

Cecile: That's what they said so we can only take their word for it. Besides this arrangement may be the path to peace.

Suzaku: True enough.

Cecile: Today let's just be good guests and enjoy ourselves...

Gino: Suzaku, look! I've found it! This is that charred newt stuff you told me about, isn't it? So how do I eat it?

Suzaku: That's a decoration made out of food.

Gino: Decoration? But didn't I see you eat a bird like this earlier in the reception?

Suzaku: Do you mean the Chinese phoenix?

Cecile: Oh, that's what it was, huh? I thought it was meat but it was really carrot...

Gino: Is this made out of potato? I mean, I can eat it?

Cecile: Excuse me, Lord Alstreim, are you accessing your e-mails here in the reception hall?

Anya: No, I'm memorizing something.

Cecile: Oh, that's a diary?

Lloyd: Well then you're recording not memorizing.

Milly: Um, Lloyd, I have a serious question to ask you. Am I still your fiance or not?

Lloyd: You're...we didn't call it off, did we?

Kanon: This is a rare picture. I figured you'd skip the celebration party and just attend the ceremony tomorrow.

Lloyd: Occasionally Suzaku gets angry with me and says that I ought behave like a betrothed man. And this young woman right here is the issue.

Milly: It's pleasure to meet you. My name is Milly Ashford.

Kanon: Pleasure is mine. I'm dumbfounded to find Lloyd showing interests in anything human.

Lloyd: Yeah, I must be growing up. Allow me to introduce Earl Kanon Maldini, Prince Schneizel's aide-de-camp.

Kanon: Public and private.

Milly: Huh?

Kanon: I'm kidding. It's so happens the prince has a preference for unusual things, which includes myself.



Announcement: Announcing the arrival of the prime minister of the Holy Britannian Empire, second Prince Schneizel.

Milly: It can't be... Nina!

Odysseus: My, I never thought my younger brother would keep the company of just one particular woman.

People: Who is that girl?

People: Isn't she the chief of Invogue?

People: Yes. The prince's research team.

People: She's awfully young.

People: A girl like that should know her place.

Schneizel: Be strong. Euphie always presented herself grandly.

Nina: Right.

Gino: It's been a while, Your Highness. The emperor has commanded that we accept orders from you while in this land.

Schneizel: Three Knights of the Round at court. How splendid! Although...

Gino: What, sir?

Schneizel: This is a celebration. Relax a bit and have some fun.

Gino: Understood sir.

Nina: Suzaku, I trust everyone at school is doing well?

Suzaku: Yep. You see?

Milly: Hi, there.

Nina: Huh? Milly, it's you.



Xianglin: A secret agreement has already been setup between Prince Schneizel and High Eunuchs. When she's married they'll cede our territory to them. He'll then grant the High Eunuchs titles of Britannian nobility.

Xingke: Nobility. They would sell off their country for that?

Soldier: And our people?

Soldier: Death to the High Eunuchs!

Soldier: We've gotta stop this wedding even if it means putting our plan into action early!

Xianglin: But if we stage a coup, Britannia's going to declare war.

Xingke: Either way. Ensure peace, or we do not.



Soldier: But Your Majesty, this man broke a law by trying to save the life of an inmates.

Tianzi: Yes, but...I get brought medicine when I'm sick and the person who bring it isn't punished.

Soldier: There's no comparing that prisoner with you, Your Majesty.

High Eunuch: Don't argue. The banquet will be starting soon. Do as Her Majesty commands.

Soldier: If he's taken to face the law, he'll be executed.

Tianzi: But that's wrong! That's wrong! He was doing something good so he shouldn't die because of it!

Soldier: Well, you see...

Tianzi: Officer school?

Xingke: Yes. That's how I use the life that you spared. I wish to protect you in anyway I can.

Tianzi: I would like to go, too. To the outside.

Xingke: Outside?

Tianzi: Outside of the forbidden city. To school or maybe the sea. Where we can find all kinds of hot yummy foods and lots of friends to make.

Xingke: Yes, very well. One day if you still wish, I will take you away from here, Your Majesty.

Tianzi: Really?

Xingke: It's my way of thanking you for sparing my life. This is how we make promises outside the city. An everlasting promise.

Tianzi: For all time.

Xingke: Ether I protect Your Majesty or I allow an alliance to ensure peace.



Odysseus: At any rate I'm certainly glad this arrangement all worked out. I'm no good at fighting.

High Eunuch: Your Highness, will the emperor be attending the wedding?

Odysseus: He informed me at the banquet back in the homeland that he would attend.

Announcement: Miss Kaguya Sumeragi, the representative of the Sumeragi Conglomerate.

Suzaku: Kaguya? What?

Kanon: It's Zero. How dare he...

Gino: That red head with him. Isn't she the Guren pilot?

People: Who invite him to a place like this?

People: He's a terrorist.

Schneizel: Well, well, well.

Lelouch: Schneizel! So you are the puppet master behind all this.



Nina: You're nearly ready to graduate, aren't you?

Milly: I suppose I should finish, huh? But I'm happy for you. You seem to be doing well for yourself. Frankly I'm relieved.

Nina: You relieved?

Milly: Ah-ha. If anything happens you can come to me for advice.

Nina: Just stop that. Milly, I like you. I really do. However I hate women who have no depth to them. Princess Euphemia didn't abandon me. Instead of running away she risked her own life to save mine. She was the only one who helped me.

Milly: And I'll help you too.

Nina: Will you stop spouting pity for me! You are always playing around as a campus queen! And you hide behind Ashford as if it's a shield! It's the same with your engagement to professor Lloyd! You always look down on me, acting like some self-appointed guardian while you swim in your own hypocrisy! I've changed! It's time you acknowledge that!



Tianzi: Kaguya!

High Eunuch: Well, our wedding present has arrived of its own accord. My, this worked out wonderfully.

Tianzi: You're giving them Kaguya, too?

High Eunuch: Put that girl out of your mind. Her crimes warrant the death penalty.

Tianzi: No, you can't. That's wrong. This isn't Britannia!

High Eunuch: Your Majesty, the Black Knights are the ones who killed Gao Hai. Please don't get involved. Just leave the politics to us. Isn't that what you've always done? Let us handle things our way?

Tianzi: But she's a friend.

Schneizel: Can we please stop quarreling now? Today is a day of celebration, is it not?

High Eunuch: But sir...

Schneizel: Miss Sumeragi, will you refrain from having Zero accompany you to the wedding tomorrow?

Kaguya: I suppose...I don't have much of a choice, do I?

Schneizel: If that is the wish of the prime minister of Britannia then...withdraw!

Lelouch: So Schneizel, you appear right before me. As watchful as ever, I see.

Kaguya: Suzaku Kururugi, do you remember me? We're cousins you and I.

Suzaku: Of course I do.

Kaguya: We're the last remaining survivors of the six houses of Kyoto, aren't we?

Suzaku: Taizo Kirihara and the others supported terrorists. Nothing could've stayed their executions.

Kaguya: But this is different. Cousin, did you forget that master Zero once saved your life? Do you plan to execute someone you owe your life to?

Suzaku: There's no comparison.

Kaguya: Oh, how sad! It's a good thing we are not able to kill anybody merely with the words we say.

Lelouch: Prince Schneizel. Would you care for a game of chess?

Schneizel: Chess?

Lelouch: If I win I'd like to have Sir Kururugi.

Kallen: What?

Lelouch: I want to give him to you, Lady Kaguya.

Kaguya: Oh, that would be absolutely marvelous present!

Lelouch: Enjoy your anticipation of it. If I can get Suzaku out of here I can use my Geass on all the others. A checkmate that would turn everything around.

Schneizel: I'll agree to your terms. However if you lose I want you to remove your mask and show your face.

Lelouch: Agreed.

Schneizel: What a fine evening of entertainment this is turned into.



Odysseus: Surely we don't have to watch from a separate room away from the show...

High Eunuch: He's playing a terrorist. Something could happen, sir.

Kaguya: That's ridiculous. It's my husband who's going to win!

Odysseus: I understand how you feel miss Sumeragi, but I can't imagine anyone but my brother Schneizel winning this game.

Anya: This is the ace of the Black Knights. Pilot of the Guren.

Gino: Yeah, the one from before. She's a lot prettier than her wanted poster. That's my kinda woman!

Kanon: He is good. His Highness is losing.

Lelouch: Oh, I didn't expect you to turn the tables on me so quickly. My brother was and still is a master of this game. He's the only person I could never beat. However that was eight years ago.

Schneizel: It's your king.

Lelouch: If the king doesn't lead how can he expect his subordinates to follow.

Schneizel: Impressive strategy. In fact, I'll do the same.

Odysseus: I'm on the edge of my seat wondering who are win this now.

Kaguya: Oh, they're evenly matched.

Lloyd: Stubborn competition. Practically a fight.

Lelouch: So you can't advance any further, can you?

Schneizel: We'll get into a threefold repetition at this rate.

Lelouch: It wasn't my intention but shall we declare this a draw?

Schneizel: I think not. You would do well not underestimate the white king, my friend.

Lelouch: You wouldn't!

Schneizel: Checkmate.

Kanon: But that means if Zero moves his king forward...

Kallen: ...then he'll capture...

Suzaku: ...Prince Schneizel's king.

Odysseus: Oh that's too big of a joke!

Kaguya: He's deliberately losing the game?

Lelouch: What is this? You're simply handing me a victory? If I accept this invitation I'll be giving in to his intent! I can't allow this! This humiliation!

Schneizel: With no hesitation whatsoever the emperor would've grabbed it. I've now learned just a bit about what kind of man you really are, Zero.

Lelouch: Schneizel! You dare look down on me like that!

Nina: Zero! Princess Euphemia will be avenged!

Suzaku: Stop it, Nina. Drop the knife!

Nina: Why are you stopping me? You of all people should understand since you were Princess Euphemia's knight!

Suzaku: That's right. Then why...

Nina: You're just an Eleven afterall...

Kallen: Nina!

Nina: Why Kallen, you're half Britannian and yet you choose to protect that monster!

Kallen: No. That's incorrect. I'm Japanese, Nina.

Nina: No, you're not? You're an Eleven. You're an Eleven and you pretend to be my friend? Give her back to me! Give back Princess Euphemia! I needed her! She was a goddess to me!

Suzaku: Nina...

Nina: Zero... killed her, but you...

Suzaku: This is just another tragedy that Zero has caused.

Nina: Oh, Nina...

Kallen: I'm sorry. About everything. However...

Milly: Kallen, you haven't changed at all. Even during the Black Rebellion you were worried about us. Meanwhile I...

Lelouch: I will never turn back!

Schneizel: My profound apology, Zero. Let's put an end to our little game here. Now that I've confirmed my suspicions, I'd like to remind you not to attend the ceremony tomorrow. Otherwise, a game of chess won't save you next time.

Odysseus: Have no fear.

Tianzi: That's right. I'm marrying this man tomorrow. And once we're married I'll be leaving the forbidden city with him. I will go to Britannia as a hostage. Never dreamed this was how I would finally reach the outside. It would be my first, and last time. I won't be able to return here again, will I? I... I...



Xingke: We ask this question, by the voice of heaven, the roar of the land, and the hearts of the people: How does this marriage represent the will of the Chinese Federation?!

Shirley: Terrorist?

Rivalz: No I think they've got a coup d'etat going on.

High Eunuch: Xingke, have you lost your mind?

Xingke: Be silent, Zhao Hao! In the name of my fellow country men I challenge the legality of this wedding!

Soldier: Hold him back!

Xingke: It's strange. As much as I pray to save my starving people I can only think about Her Majesty's welfare. Right now, I must...

High Eunuch: Cut off the broadcast!

Announcer: This is a terrible situ...

Rivalz: Oh, no! What about Milly!

Kallen: Lady Kaguya, let's get out of here.

Nina: What...

Cecile: Let's go!

Suzaku: All right.

High Eunuch: Seize him! We can't let anything happen to the Britannians. Otherwise it'll be disastrous!

Soldier: Traitor! You think the empress belongs to you and no other!

Xingke: That's right. I have no idea what my action is in accordance with Her Majesty's wishes. She may not even have the faintest memory of what occurred six years ago. But no matter... I made an everlasting promise to Her Majesty in return for sparing my life! A vow I sworn in my heart! I must... I must save the empress! I will take her to the outside world!

Tianzi: Xingke! Xingke! Xingke! Xingke! Xingke!

Xingke: She does. She remembers! In my heart, there is no more doubt!

Tianzi: Xingke!



Lelouch: I appreciate this, Xingke. You've made it so much easier for me to make my move.

High Eunuch: Oh, that man, too?

Xingke: Zero, what is the meaning of this?

Lelouch: Don't move!

Kanon: What a wretched coward!

Schneizel: Zero, my warning fell on deaf ears.

Xingke: I thought the Black Knights owed us what we did for them in area Eleven.

Lelouch: Which is why I'm ruining this wedding. Exactly as you people wanted. The only thing is I'm taking the bride with me!

Tianzi: Xingke!

Xingke: You Majesty! You filthy scum!

Lelouch: Oh am I?



V.V.: Yes. If Zero's true objective turns out to be here we are in trouble.

Jeremiah: Yes. Is that why you've made preparations for me?

V.V.: It is.

Jeremiah: Thank you very much. Once I'm properly adjusted C.C. and Lelouch will be no match for me. Your expectations of Jeremiah Gottwald will be more than satisfied. I promise you!





Even if they try to move now, it's too late.
The empress, the symbol of the Chinese Federation has fallen into my hands.
Xingke, the High Eunuchs, Schneizel too, let them all dance to my plan!
I'm through positioning my pieces.
This is no game of chess.
I intend to checkmate the nation known as the Chinese Federation.
And once I have, I'm coming for him, I'll possess the power to confront the emperor of Britannia!
And for that, I swear I'll...
  