


Student: So tell us how are things with you and Lelouch?

Shirley: Huh?

Student: You two are the official school couple now, aren't you?

Student: Have you kissed yet?

Shirley: Um, that was just for the event. We're not going around.

Villetta: Don't be embarrassed. It's no secret you've always had big crush on Lelouch.

Shirley: Oh, not you too, coach Villetta.

Villetta: But you love him, don't you. Enough to shoot me.

Shirley: Huh?

Villetta: It's been very difficult, you know. Having to come here and spend each day cheerfully smiling at a young woman who shot me. My true feelings have to be hidden behind the mask of a teacher. Shirley Fenette... How dare you! How dare you shoot me!

Shirley: Lelou! That's right. While Lelouch was Zero, he killed my father.

Lelouch: So, the Jianmen path has fallen? We've also taken over the air force facility in Macau. We should send Asahina and Hong Gu to defend Chennai. And why don't we assign Minase and Sugiyama to take charge of municipal affairs there.

Rolo: Well, looks like things are going smoothly.

Lelouch: Our so-called foes are just local military factions that won't join us. But they deploy forces without talking to each other.

Rolo: Not to mention that you've already got ahold of the empress. The one leader who could unify all those factions.

Lelouch: Exactly.

Rolo: You're off?

Lelouch: I'm going to Ikebukuro. But I'll help you with the rest of your homework when I return.

Rolo: I'll catch you later then.

Shirley: Lelou was Zero. And coach Villetta was a soldier. And Kallen was one of the Black Knights. Then what about Nina? And the prez? And Rivalz? Is our school the weirdest place on earth? Why is Nunnally now the viceroy? What are the lies and what is the truth?

Announcement: Attention. The local express is running ten minutes behind schedule and will be arriving at platform three. Those passengers who do not wish to wait...

Lelouch: Very well. For the first stage this would be fine.

Station Staff: All right, then we'll continue with the same procedure.

Suzaku: Shirley! Wait. It's just me. So what's wrong? Why would want me to come here?

Lelouch: Shirley!

Shirley: Lelouch?

Villetta: Where's Lelouch? On a date?

Rolo: At the moment he's out testing the G cars.

Villetta: How convenient. Rolo, why have you turned your back on your country? Unlike me, you were dispatched here by the Order, so why would you...

Rolo: Just why are you asking me that? What's between my brother and me is...

Soldier: B7 to control. Suspicious male sighted near the chapel. B5 and B9 have moved in to apprehend him.

Jeremiah: Look what happens simply by asking where Lelouch was.

Villetta: Lord Jeremiah! But how...?

Soldier: Target is moving toward the clubhouse. B2 and B8 have been eliminated as well.

Rolo: Sound a school wide alarm! Gets students out of vicinity of the target.

Announcement: Attention all students and personnel. This is an emergency announcement. Do not come near the clubhouse area. A suspicious person has been sighted there. I repeat...

Jeremiah: Out of my way. I have no desire to kill a woman if I don't need to.

Sayoko: We at least share that. I, too, would like to avoid any unnecessary killing.

Jeremiah: Oh?

Sayoko: En garde! Cyborg?

Jeremiah: And I have Zero to thank.

Bartley: They say they're going to kill God.

Cornelia: God?

Bartley: I thought they were speaking metaphorically. But now, at the very least these people believe what they're saying.

Cornelia: Ridiculous. To believe in God. There's no such being.

V.V.: That's right. No winged goddesses, long bearded old men in white gowns in kingdoms in the clouds. No. Not that sort of God...

Bartley: Princess Cornelia!

Cornelia: Who knows what type of Geass he controls. You mustn't never let your guard down even for a child.

V.V.: Yes, that's correct. Cornelia, you do live up to your reputation, don't you. As your uncle, I'm very proud of you.

Cornelia: My what?

V.V.: We made a solemn vow. If there was ever a god that made men fight each other we kill him and his divine rule.

Sayoko: Even if you are a cyborg your exposed human parts made you vulnerable!

Jeremiah: You have good aim!

Sayoko: I'll stop you for Master Lelouch's sake!

Jeremiah: Your skill in martial arts is impressive. But it won't impede Jeremiah Gottwald.

Rolo: Sayoko!

Jeremiah: Damn it.

Rolo: Steal time! Okay. Now get him while I hold him still. Go on!

Sayoko: With great pleasure.

Rolo: But that's not possible. My Geass, it should stop time with absolutely anyone.

Jeremiah: Rolo Lamperouge. Just as I thought. You've been fooled.

Rolo: But how could you break my Geass?

Jeremiah: How? Because I was chosen. That's how. Picked by the Order to be an assassin.

Rolo: Then you've come to kill Lelouch, is that it?

Villetta: Lord Jeremiah!

Jeremiah: Villetta? You mean Lelouch has snared you, too?

Villetta: Lelouch is at Ikebukuro station right now. Lord Jeremiah, I'm begging you. Whatever you do please let me go.

Jeremiah: All right, then.

Shirley: What do I do? I called Suzaku out here. But what should I say to him? Especially with Lelou here.

Lelouch: Shirley, what kind of game are you playing? Or was it Suzaku who called her out here?

Suzaku: Rivalz told me that Lelouch has been here in Japan the entire time. Intelligence from the O.S.I. backs that up also. But... why don't I believe it?

Rolo: Villetta, what are you doing? Are you betraying Lelouch or... are you...?

Villetta: We should contact Lelouch right away. I will stay here and protect the place. The rest of you go on to Ikebukuro. If Lelouch is ready for him we may be able to pin Jeremiah from two sides.

Shirley: I have [/had] to tell Suzaku. He needs to know that Lelouch is Zero [and he /who had] killed my father.

Lelouch: This is the boundary line right here.

Suzaku: The demarcation between the settlement and ghettos. We have to erase it.

Shirley: Hold it. What if these two are accomplices? To turn Area 11 back into Japan? That's it! They've been friends since way back!

Lelouch: What's the matter. Something wrong?

Shirley: No!

Lelouch: Shirley!

Shirley: Stay away from me!

Lelouch: Shirley!

Shirley: You're both liars! You two are nothing but apparent fakes! I won't...

Shirley: No! Let me go! Let me go!

Lelouch: Stop it! I can't lose you! I don't wanna lose you or anyone else in my life. Not one more person. Please. Shirley. Suzaku!

Shirley: Hey, you've done this once before, haven't you? You know that time back at school when you tried to catch Arthur?

Suzaku: Yeah, you're right.

Lelouch: I guess you're right, Shirley. We have done this before.

Shirley: And Suzaku was always the one who pulls you back up.

Suzaku: If Lelouch's been the one on top both of us would've fallen.

Lelouch: You exercise nut. If you're gonna brag, you should've saved us before we fell.

Suzaku: That's ridiculous. Why am I laughing? After what Lelouch did to Euphie.

Shirley: I'm wrong. He is acting on his own. Lelou is....

Lelouch: Oh, excuse me.

Rolo: Lelouch, be careful. Jeremiah is heading toward you right now. He's an assassin send by the Order. My Geass didn't work on him.

Lelouch: Wait, Jeremiah is alive? And what do you mean an assassin, Rolo?

Rolo: I'm not sure. Anyway, don't do anything rush until we get there.

Suzaku: What's up? Is something wrong?

Lelouch: This is bad. With Suzaku here.

Suzaku: By your expression I'm guessing that wasn't a friendly phone call. Ow!

Shirley: Suzaku, stop that. My problem comes first, doesn't it?

Suzaku: Right.

Lelouch: Oh yeah. That's right. You two were waiting for each other here, weren't you?

Shirley: What's the matter. Are you jealous? Thank so much, Lelou.

Suzaku: Can't we just wait for a while? We should...

Shirley: C'mon! Let's go, Suzaku.

Suzaku: Wait. Hold on.

Lelouch: This area is about to become a battle field. And I can think of no safer place for Shirley than to be with Suzaku.

Security: Jeremiah Gottwald?

Jeremiah: Yes, I am.

Security: The guy's bulletproof!

Jeremiah: I understand. Lelouch has used his Geass on you.

Lelouch: Not only does Geass have no effect on him, he has the power to cancel it as well.

People: There's fire?

People: Terrorists!

Lelouch: Right. Come and get me, Orange.

Suzaku: So what's this important thing you need to talk to me about?

Shirley: Um, well I'm... well, I'm in love with Lelou. But you hate him, don't you?

Suzaku: I liked him. At one time.

Shirley: And now? I thought something was wrong. For the two of you used be so close together. What happened? Did you have a fight?

Suzaku: I can't forgive him.

Shirley: Nothing is unforgivable, you know. In other words it only means you're not willing to forgive him. You don't want to forgive him. I forgave him. I chose to. A long time ago.

Suzaku: Shirley... What are you...

Security: Did you call the fire department?

Security: In situations like this doesn't the army respond first?

Suzaku: Sir Suzaku Kururugi. I'm the Knight of Seven.

Security: My Lord!

Suzaku: This might be an act of terrorism. So from here on, I'm taking command of all the perimeter police and fire fighting units.

Security: Right. Understood, My Lord.

Suzaku: And I want you to protect that young woman right over there.

Ohgi: What is it? We're in the middle of a meeting.

Tamaki: Like I care. Ain't no meeting I was invited to. Emergency call from Zero. Something weirds going on there.

Ohgi: Zero, it's Ohgi. What's happened? What's the emergency? If it's about the guys from Taiwan, right now...

Villetta: Ohgi...

Ohgi: That voice! It's...

Rolo: Lelouch, just hang in there.

Security: All units in position. Four teams on roof.

Shirley: Lelou...

Security: Please get into the vehicle, miss. It's the Knight of Seven's orders. Miss! Come back here!

Shirley: Hold on, Lelou. Don't worry. I won't leave you alone!

Jeremiah: You won't escape me.

Shirley: Lelou, where can you be? He must be fighting. Lelou's fighting... on his own.

Lelouch: A mechanical body. And you've got Geass canceller. You're vengefulness is truly top notch, Orange boy.

Jeremiah: There's no vengefulness. It's sheer loyalty.

Lelouch: How I hate to hear that. What could the emperor have possibly done to deserve such loyalty?

Jeremiah: Wha...?

Lelouch: From your performance, I figured that you must be using Sakuradite.

Jeremiah: A Gefjun Disturber...

Lelouch: Well, well, I see you've done your homework. You're aware that when the Sakuradite disruption system is complete, we can paralyze all of in functions with the railway circular route. In other words, bring Tokyo to a stand still. I'm grateful. You've been an exemplary test object.

Shirley: Rolo!

Rolo: Shirley, you're here?

Shirley: Answer me, Rolo. Do you truly love Lelou?

Lelouch: Now then, are you going to tell me what I wanna know? Where's the Order located? And where is V.V.?

Jeremiah: You're the one who will talk here!

Lelouch: What?

Jeremiah: Because I have my reasons. I'm resolved to see my loyalty through! I must know the truth for certain, once and for all!

Lelouch: But how? He shouldn't be able to move!

Jeremiah: Why Lelouch? Why did you adopt the role of Zero? Why did you turn against your homeland? Becoming an enemy of the emperor as a result!

Lelouch: I did it because I am Lelouch vi Britannia. My father, the Britannian emperor, allowed my mother to be killed! And so do it, he stole Nunnally's sight, her legs and our futures from us!

Jeremiah: I know. I remember because I was there, too.

Lelouch: You were?

Jeremiah: My first assignment to guard her, Lady Marianne. Whom I loved and respected! But I failed to carry though with that loyalty. I just wasn't able to protect her!

Lelouch: So you founded the Purebloods then.

Jeremiah: Master Lelouch... Everything is becoming clear now. You became Zero for the sake of Lady Marianne, didn't you?

Lelouch: But if you didn't come here to kill me then what are you trying to do?

Jeremiah: I don't serve V.V. I follow only one. It's Lady Marianne. Now I'll die without regret.

Lelouch: Lord Jeremiah!

Jeremiah: My prince!

Lelouch: Jeremiah Gottwald, listen. Your steadfast loyalty is still desperately needed here. Isn't that right?

Jeremiah: Indeed. Yes, Your Majesty.

Shirley: Rolo, I love Lelou. But what about you?

Rolo: What a question? He's my only brother so of course I love him.

Shirley: Then you're on Lelou's side, right? Right? Please! Let me join you! I want Lelou to be saved, too! I can help you protect him! I wanna bring all the happiness back into Lelou's life! Then maybe he could be together with his sister, Nunna!

Lelouch: Right. I've send Jeremiah on ahead. He'll take care of any obstacles in the way. Don't try to fight him. He just came over to our side. Shirley! Shirley, who did this to you?

Shirley: Lelou. I'm glad we can talk at the very end.

Lelouch: Don't say that. It's not the end. I'll call a doctor so just...

Shirley: Ever since my memories are come back, I have been feeling so very afraid. A teacher who wasn't a teacher. Friends you don't have memories to share. Everyone who was just lying. It's that as though the whole world was spying on me. That's the world you've been fighting all by yourself, isn't it? All alone. So that's why I... why I wanted to be someone who at least be truthful to you.

Lelouch: Shirley...

Shirley: Lelou, I love you. Even knowing how you caught my father in all this, I simply couldn't hate you. Even though you made me forget everything, I still fell in love with you. Even though my memories were tampered with, I kept falling in love with you all over again.

Lelouch: No, Shirley! You can't die!

Shirley: No matter how many times I reborn, I'll keep falling in love with you, Lelou. I suppose that it's simply fate.

Lelouch: No, don't die! I order you not to die!

Shirley: So is that okay then, Lelou? And as I reborn, I'll fall in love with you over and over... I'll keep falling in love with...

Lelouch: Shirley... Shirley...
  