
Monica: There was a giant explosion in the Tokyo settlement. It appears that a F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead caused it. Your Majesty, should we remain here at Kamine island?

Charles: Enough. Let Schneizel handle mundane affairs.

Soldier: At least ten million inhabitants are believed dead from initial impact with the blast.

Soldier: Secondary damages might have caused twenty-five million more casualties. All rescue facilities were wiped out, so we can not care for any of the wounded.

Soldier: The Tokyo settlement is no more...

Nina: No... How could this have happened... Zero... Zero...

Suzaku: I did it? I did this?

Gino: The school was outside the blast radius but... This is gone beyond war.

Tohdoh: If they use this weapon again, the Black Knights will be completely wiped out.

Lelouch: Tohdoh, it's me.

Tohdoh: Zero, we can't remain...

Lelouch: Have all forces land in Tokyo settlement. Search for Nunnally.

Tohdoh: Wait a minute! We've lost Asahina. And we have massive casualties.

Lelouch: Do you think I care about that? Find Nunnally now! That's an order! All forces, search for Nunnally!

Tohdoh: What's happened to Zero?

Ohgi: The fugitive is on the portside runway, right?

Futaba: Wait. We need to reorganize our forces first.

Ohgi: Understood. I'll be back there in a minute.

Villetta: Ohgi!

Ohgi: Chigusa.

Diethard: That's far enough, Miss Fugitive. Cornelia?! I thought it was Villetta who'd escaped.

Cornelia: So it's you. Newsman in turned coat.

Diethard: Is Zero behind this? Secretly holding the princess as a captive? He should've shown a little more trust in me. Aim for her legs. I wanna take her alive, men.

Soldier: Yes, sir!

Soldier: Attention. We are carrying a Britannian special envoy on a urgent diplomatic mission. We have no hostile intentions.

Diethard: Diplomatic mission? Minase, was that craft cleared to land here through official channels?

Cornelia: Schneizel!

Diethard: Impossible! Why would he step right into the midst of his mortal enemies?

Lelouch: Tohdoh, I told you to find Nunnally! Now deploy the search teams! Kallen, do you hear me? Rolo! Jeremiah! Nunnally has to be alive! Find her! Find Nunnally!

Tohdoh: Attention, all forces! Fall back to Makuhari, and reform our battle line. All forces, fall back now.

Lelouch: Tohdoh, I told you to search for Nunnally!

Rolo: As long as my brother is safe...

Jeremiah: ...then we will have another chance.

Xingke: Why have they called temporary cease-fire? What are the Britannian up to? Why did Bismarck withdraw?

Xianglin: We're trying to find that out. But they don't seem to be preparing a new attack. And there's a cease-fire in Tokyo as well.

Xingke: Did Zero order it?

C.C: Master, you're back.

Rolo: Hang in there, big brother.

Lelouch: Nunnally...

Rolo: Big brother, I'm here for you. We've been doing fine with just the two of us, haven't we? Jeremiah? Please give my brother some time right now. You can talk to him later. Yeah, right. It may not mean much of anything. After all I'm here with him.

Lelouch: What are you doing with this? It's Nunnally's! I wanted to give this locket to Nunnally, not to you! To Nunnally! Do you think you could ever replace Nunnally in my heart? You're an imposter! Haven't you figured it out yet? I hate you! I loathe you! I despise you! I've been trying to kill you but I just keep missing the chance!

Rolo: Big... brother...

Lelouch: Get out of here! I never wanna see your face again! I said get out!

Nina: I didn't understand what this kind of destruction really means. It was all just Numbers but now...

Lloyd: You need to make a choice, Nina. Do you abandon science to preserve your heart? Or abandon your heart and sacrifice yourself to science.

Nina: How can I do either? Did you make such a choice, professor Lloyd?

Lloyd: I didn't have to. I'm a sociopath. I was born with an abandoned heart.

Nina: But I'm the one who build the F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead... All those people's lives are gone... I killed them... all of them...

Chiba: It's no use. There's no answer.

Diethard: We don't have any choice then. We'll have to meet Prince Schneizel without Zero.

Rakshata: But Zero's our leader after all. Should we be making decisions without him?

Asahina: It was a massacre! They killed everyone including women and children. Kinoshita said it was Zero's orders.

Chiba: Diethard. What didn't you take Schneizel captive? We could've avenged Asahina. He only has one Knightmare guarding him.

Diethard: Because they came equipped with a massive F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead.

Chiba: F.L.E.I.J.A.?

Diethard: Like the one that just destroyed the Tokyo settlement. It's a new weapon. If they unleash it, it will kill us and Zero in a heartbeat.

Tohdoh: We don't know what Schneizel's objective is here. So our best option is to meet with him and find out.

Rakshata: I think I'll pass. I wanna system check my Guren now that it's back.

Tohdoh: Then the negotiators will be myself, Chiba, Diethard as well as...

Tamaki: Forget it. I can't find Ohgi anywhere. Damn it. Where'd that fool go, huh?

Minami: Kallen!

Sugiyama: Thank goodness. You're back in one piece.

Kallen: Sorry to worry you. I'm okay. Where's Zero?

Minami: I heard he is in his quarters.

Sugiyama: There's a rumor that he was wounded.

Jeremiah: Lady Nunnally, I pray you're still alive. Fervently.

Cornelia: That's all. Everything I saw and heard at the Order.

Schneizel: Thank you, Cornelia. With this information I can...

Diethard: Sorry to keep you waiting.

Tamaki: Yeah, sorry. We've had our hands full with that ten million dead people you slaughtered.

Diethard: Tamaki, we discussed this already. You can't be here for this.

Tamaki: Why not? I'm the Black Knight's interior custodian minister. So I can sit in for my bud Ohgi infilling him later.

Diethard: You're the only one who has that impression.

Schneizel: No. Please. I'd like for him to join this as well.

Diethard: Huh?

Schneizel: Shinichiro Tamaki. A Zero's oldest comrade. You're the brave veteran of many historic battles.

Tamaki: You all know about me, huh?

Diethard: Tamaki, please.

Jeremiah: You rescued me a long time ago, didn't you? Very gracious. I came here to thank you for that honorable act. Indeed. You and I share rather odd connection, don't you think? I suppose it's fate that we became enemies in the end. I'll take my leave now, sir. I must search for Lady Nunnally.

Suzaku: Nunnally's dead. She's gone.

Announcement: Survivors are directed to register in order. Along with your ID number, give your name, age, address and blood type. If you require medical attention, please go to the medical information desk and take a number. To minimize disorder, please calmly...

Milly: Rivalz.

Rivalz: Oh prez, just tell me you're alive.

Milly: Yes, I am. I'm alive.

Rivalz: Thank goodness.

Milly: You can say that again.

Schneizel: Now that I think about it, I never finish my match with Zero, did I?

Diethard: Zero won't be attending. Not until we have the details of the proposal.

Schneizel: Of course. I didn't expect him to show. He's not the type who consults with others. No, he keeps things to himself and holds people at a distance.

Diethard: That's strange. You talk about him as if you know him intimately.

Schneizel: More than any of you do. Zero is our younger brother. Cornelia's and my own.

Tamaki: What are you saying?

Schneizel: He is the former 11th royal prince of the Holy Britannian Empire: Lelouch vi Britannia. The man whom I both loved and feared more than any other.

Tohdoh: Impossible.

Tamaki: You're telling us that Zero's a Britannian prince?

Cornelia: Diethard, please. In all this time, you never figure that out? Even with all the information you were getting from Jeremiah and Villetta?

Diethard: You're wasting your time. You can't cause chaos here by spreading these irrelevant stories. It's not Zero's lineage that matters but rather his efforts and the miracles that he's performed for us.

Schneizel: But what if all those miracles he perform were actually tricks.

Diethard: Tricks?

Schneizel: Zero possesses a special power. It is known as Geass.

Schneizel: It's the absolute power to compel anyone to obey him. You can think of it as extreme hypnosis.

Tohdoh: You're saying his miracles come from that power?

Tamaki: Are you trying to dis my man Zero? He's got brains and guts and he kicks Britannian butt! A prince with Geass power? Where is the proof of all this, bul, huh?

Ohgi: I have the proof.

Tamaki: Ohgi?

Chiba: And Villetta?

Ohgi: What he saying is all true. Zero was a former Britannian prince name Lelouch. He controls people with his Geass power. A con man. Zero's been tricking us all along. Using us like pawns from the start.

Tamaki: You don't mean this, Ohgi.

Chiba: But if that's really true then...

Diethard: Then it doesn't matter. It doesn't erase a single thing that he's done for us. And if he really does have this Geass power then doesn't that just help us? It's another weapon to use in our fight against Britannia.

Ohgi: Yes, that would make perfect sense if he only used it against our enemies.

Tamaki: What?

Chiba: Are you saying he used it on us?

Cornelia: Of course. He used Geass to control his own sister Euphemia. He made her slaughter the Elevens in the Special Zone.

Tamaki: You're lying! Zero is a knight for justice. He would never do something like...

Schneizel: We have evidence.

Suzaku: Did you use your Geass power on Euphie? Be honest.

Lelouch: Yes.

Suzaku: You caused her to massacre the Japanese?

Lelouch: I ordered her to do it.

Chiba: Then... that whole blood bath was...

Cornelia: Euphie was just a girl. Zero was in control.

Tohdoh: So Zero slaughtered our people for his own ambitions?

Tamaki: That recording is fake!

Kanon: These are people in incidents that we suspect he manipulated with his Geass.

Tohdoh: Kusakabe... Even Major General Katase!

Chiba: I can't believe it.

Diethard: Clovis.

Villetta: He used it on me, too.

Ohgi: That explains why Gao Hai changed.

Chiba: And that explains why Jeremiah and the others became traitors.

Schneizel: His Geass might be controlling even Nina. There's no way to be certain about that. When you think about it, it's a terrifying prospect.

Chiba: You mean...?

Tamaki: We could be...?

Kanon: There's one more thing. We notified Zero about the F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead before the battle. We wanted to avoid using it. It's still in the Lancelot's communications record. However...

Tohdoh: He never told us anything about that.

Asahina: We can't trust commander Zero!

Tohdoh: Asahina...

Ohgi: I wanted to put my trust in Zero. I wanted to believe in him. But we mean nothing to him. We're just pawns.

Tamaki: Treating us like chumps. Damn! How could he do this to us?

Schneizel: Everyone. Zero is my brother. Will you please hand him over to me for justice?

Ohgi: On one condition.

Tamaki: Ohgi!

Cornelia: You think you're in a position to bargain over this?

Schneizel: Wait, let's hear it.

Ohgi: Our Japan. Return it. We're betraying our comrade. So at least we deserve to regain Japan. Otherwise I could never forgive myself.

Rolo: Master, please take off your clothes.

Lelouch: What?

Rolo: Are you hurting somewhere? If it's someplace you can't reach, I can help.

Lelouch: That's right. It's someplace I can't reach.

Kallen: Zero. Are you there? Can I come in? It's me.

Lelouch: Is that Kallen?

Kallen: Ohgi asked me to bring you to warehouse four.

Lelouch: Why there?

Kallen: Sorry, I didn't really get the details.

Rolo: Master? Please take off your clothes. I'll do the best I can. I promise.

Kallen: What the hell of you two be doing in here. While I've been rotten in a cell, you...

Lelouch: No, you've got it wrong. She was... C.C. lost her memory. It happened because of me. So the C.C. you knew was gone now. Erased. And it's my fault.

Kallen: Her mind was erased? C.C.'s gone. And Nunnally's been killed. That means Lelouch is now...

Lelouch: Kallen, it's good you made it back. I'm sorry it took so long to get you out.

Kallen: Lelouch, listen. When I was imprisoned I happened to talk to Nunnally. She stood up for me, she saved me.

Lelouch: I see.

Kallen: Look. I'm not sure what to say at a time like this, but when I lost my brother, I...

Tohdoh: Surrender Zero.

Chiba: How dare you try to run a con game on us.

Ohgi: We know everything about your Geass power.

Diethard: Zero, the renowned hero died in battle before he could triumph. But his gallant life and daring deeds will continue to live on in myth and legend.

Lelouch: Is that the script you've written for me, Diethard?

Diethard: Actually, I wanted film your brilliant campaign and glorious victory over Britannia. But I'm afraid that show's been permanently cancelled.

Lelouch: What do I do? Knightmares are beyond my reach but Ohgi and others are defenseless. If I can use my Geass secretly...

Minami: Everybody trusted you, Zero.

Sugiyama: Inoue and Yoshida sacrifice their lives for you.

Kallen: Wait a minute. This is all one-sided. Look at how far we've come because of Zero. At least let him answer!

Tamaki: You are in the way, Kallen.

Sugiyama: Do you wanna die with Zero?

Minami: Don't tell me he used his Geass on you, too.

Kallen: I need an answer, Lelouch. What do I mean to you? I have to know. If I could stay with you I would. Please.

Lelouch: Schneizel! You made your move and now you're calling check. There's no way out of this for me. It's over!

Kallen: Please answer me, Lelouch.

Lelouch: Fools. You finally figured it out. That I've been using you all. That's right. You're all just pawns in my game.

Ohgi: Zero, so you really are...

Tamaki: Zero!

Kallen: Lelouch, no...

Lelouch: Kallen. You were my most useful piece. Much like a well played knight. This whole world was the board for the game. And all for my entertainment.

Kallen: I see. Goodbye then, Lelouch.

Tohdoh: Get ready!

Lelouch: Kallen, you have to live.

Tohdoh: Fire!

Rolo: Are you okay, brother?

Lelouch: Rolo!

Tohdoh: Never mind! Open fire! Hit the Shinkiro!

Kallen: Wait!

Rolo: Big brother, I'll protect you!

Lelouch: Stop it, Rolo. You've done enough!

C.C: Oh, my master...

Ohgi: They're gone. The Shinkiro...

Kallen: Vanished just like in Babel Tower...

Kanon: Anya, Zero has just escaped. Can you capture him with the Mordred?

Anya: I can only destroy it.

Rolo: I never knew how hard it was to calculate the Absolute Defense Field. My big brother really is incredible, isn't he?

Lelouch: Rolo, I have no reason to live anymore.

Anya: How can it move like that?

Rolo: I won't let them kill you. I swear it!

Lelouch: Using your Geass over such a large area. Rolo, it's way too much. Your heart can't take that much strain!

Diethard: Attention all units. The Shinkiro has been stolen. Search out and destroy the Shinkiro. I repeat. Destroy the Shinkiro.

Lelouch: That's enough, Rolo. I don't wanna live anymore.

Rolo: I won't stop brother. Because of this!

Lelouch: Stop doin...

Rolo: All throughout my life, people have used me like a tool.

Lelouch: ...g this, Rolo! Why are you still trying...

Rolo: I was used by the Order.

Lelouch: ...to save me. You know that I...

Rolo: And then you used me, big brother. Yeah, maybe you've been using me for your own ends right from the very start. But... only the time I spent with you seemed real.

Lelouch: ...I was only using...

Rolo: It was those memories that finally made me human.

Lelouch: ...using you. Rolo!

Rolo: That's why I'm not... I'm not...

Lelouch: No! Stop using your Geass like that! Do you wanna die?

Rolo: I'm not... a tool. I do this of my own free will as a human being!

Lelouch: Rolo, why did you save me? After all I've done to you.

Rolo: Because, you're a liar, big brother. It was a lie, wasn't it? What you said about trying to kill me. About hating me and all of that.

Lelouch: Of course. And you saw right through me, didn't you? Just what I'd expect of my little brother.

Rolo: That's right. I thought so. 'cause I know who you really are inside your heart. I know everything about you, big brother.

Lelouch: Yes. You got it right. Your big brother... is just a liar.

Soldier: We cannot locate the target.

Soldier: Increasing the search area. Request send in ground units.

Lelouch: Nunnally... Rolo... Shirley... The Black Knights... I've lost everything. This is the result which I've been left with. No. It's my just punishment. But now, thanks to this... Thank you, Rolo. You saved my life for a reason. Because there's still a task that's waiting for me out there. Yes. Something I have to finish.

Charles: Who would have imagined. That I would ever happen to use the system here. The Ragnarok Connection. So now, the old world shall be destroyed and the new world shall be created in its place!

Lelouch: My father, Charles zi Britannia. If I'm on the road to hell, then I'll take you with me. This is my final mission. I swear it!

----------- [ED]

Rolo... What was our relationship in the end? I always realize these things when it's too late. To you, I wasn't Lelouch vi Britannia, was I? I was Lelouch Lamperouge, your big brother. Dammit!
  