
Announcer: 99th emperor Lelouch, who ascended the throne only a few days ago, has ordered the destruction of the imperial mausoleum which held the remains of past Britannian emperors. Following his abolition of the aristocracy, breaking up of bureaucratic cliques, and liberation of the Numbers, Odysseus and other royals express support for the new emperor despite these actions. However...

Tamaki: He's just amazing!

Tohdoh: Does he really intend to completely remake Britannia?

Rakshata: Don't you mean destroy it?

Ohgi: Are we to believe Lelouch really did hate Britannia as he claimed?

Villetta: He's eliminating any faction which could possibly oppose him.

Kaguya: Even in the U.F.N. most people are expressing their support for Emperor Lelouch.

Tamaki: I knew he was really on our side. I always said that!

Chiba: Some media people are calling him the knight for justice and the hero of the masses.

Sugiyama: Speaking of media, where's Diethard at?

Chiba: I doubt he is coming back here.

Tohdoh: You're right. As long as he is with Cornelia and Schneizel, he'll stay hidden.

Tamaki: So, what's our next move? What do we do now?

Rakshata: What do you mean from "now"?

Tamaki: Well, but I mean... everything's different. The new emperor is doing good things.

Kaguya: He is...

Xingke: No, he isn't.

Tohdoh: It's the truth.

Xingke: Emperor Lelouch has one... no, Zero has one goal.

Lelouch: Lelouch vi Britannia commands each one of you. Be my slaves, now!

Everyone: Yes, Your Majesty! All hail Lelouch!

Lloyd: Your Majesty, won't you let me analyze that power just a little bit, for science of course.

Jeremiah: Do you want to die, Lloyd?

Lloyd: You mean in the traditional sense?

Jeremiah: Ridiculous. Jeremiah Gottwald returns from battle to announce that he has vanquished former Earl Rosenkreuz.

Lelouch: Well done. Still, I'm not very popular out there, am I? The nobles are rising up and rebelling everywhere. Isn't that true?

C.C: People resist when you take away their vested interest. They fight back.

Lelouch: That's why we need to make them fully understand how foolish and pathetic it is to cling to vain pedigrees and past glories.

----------- [OP]

Lloyd: Is this a good thing?

Cecile: Is what a good thing?

Lloyd: Well, you know... The way Prince Schneizel and Princess Cornelia have disappeared without trace. This is the legitimate Holy Britannian Empire, isn't it?

Cecile: Yes, you have a point. And if it's known what Suzaku and others are actually trying to do here...

Lloyd: I wonder if we've become cogs in a machine without even realizing it.

Cecile: By the way, did you know?

Lloyd: What?

Cecile: Suzaku used to attend school with His Majesty. They had classes together.

Lloyd: Ah, Milly and Nina's school?

Milly: I won't be back until tonight.

Nina: Covering something?

Milly: A conference. To decide if we support His Majesty, or Lelouch. That's part of it. Area 11, sorry, I mean Japan, it's about whether or not we should go back to the homeland now that it's no longer part of Britannia.

Nina: And?

Milly: Well, even my family isn't nobility anymore...

Nina: Lelouch is the one...

Milly: Stop! Can we just drop this whole subject now and talk about something else?

Rivalz: Man, I'm hungry. Here, Nina.

Nina: Sorry, Rivalz.

Rivalz: Forget it. Forget it. You shouldn't go out. You're safe here in the school.

Nina: Thanks a lot. When I built the F.L.E.I.J.A., I never in my wildest dreams thought all these countries would target me. They're relentless.

Suzaku: So soon after ascending the throne, the name Emperor Lelouch has become part of history. All because you dismantled Britannian culture.

Lelouch: The real work is yet to come. At this moment I'm about to spill a sea of blood. Enough blood to wipe away all memory of princess massacre forever from people's minds.

Suzaku: Lelouch, are you saying...?

Lelouch: Euphy wasn't the only one. It was Nunnally, too. We've both lost so much. Far, far too much. But, to move forward into the future we need to take over the entire world. Just saying those words makes me laugh.

C.C: Yet you're both absolutely determined to do it. Isn't that right?

Lelouch: Yes. It's for the sake of the Zero Requiem.

Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty.

Lloyd: Well then, what will you do about the problem at hand, Your Majesty?

Lelouch: Hmm, I took over Britannia to address that. But...

C.C: Is it true? About what Schneizel is planning?

Lelouch: Yes. According to the intelligence's reports. And given that the Tromo Agency in Cambodia has seceded from Britannia. When you add it all up, it leads to one conclusion. There's no choice. We have to move the plan to the next phase before Schneizel has a chance to put his plan into action. Yes, what is it?

Soldier: Majesty, it's the Knights of the Round! They're approaching, with the Knight of One in the lead! We can only confirm four of the Rounds among them. They're accompanied by their personal forces!

Bismarck: We swore absolute loyalty to Charles zi Britannia.

Dorothea: We will never recognize this damned usurper. Wha..? An interceptor? But there's only one...

Suzaku: One is enough with Lancelot Albion.

Dorothea: I can't track it! He got me already?

Bismarck: The Albion?

Monica: A 9th generation Knightmare Frame. It's Suzaku Kururugi!

Gino: Will you wake up, Suzaku? You can still come back to us.

Suzaku: Come back? You've got it all wrong. If you've sworn true loyalty to Britannia then it's you who should join on our side, Gino. Or, will you stand against Britannia?

Gino: Huh? Stand against it?

Bismarck: Suzaku Kururugi! I heard that your goal was to become the Knight of One. But I am the only Knight of One. And I'll never lose that title to a traitor like you!

Suzaku: My title is the Knight of Zero. And that trumps you, Bismarck.

Bismarck: An empty title with no honor!

Announcer: We interrupt our programming for this live broadcast from the Holy Britannian Empire.

Kallen: That's... the Lancelot!

Rakshata: With energy wings?

Xingke: And it's challenging Bismarck.

Suzaku: How can he know Lancelot's flight path?

Bismarck: My Geass gives me the power to see the future.

Suzaku: And again?

Bismarck: Only once before, I used this power when I battled Lady Marianne.

Suzaku: He can predict my moves. But still...!

Lelouch: Suzaku, as we planned, this battle is being broadcast to the world.

Suzaku: Right, for the sake of the Zero Requiem, I must be victorious!

Lelouch: And that's why I'm ordering you, to live!

Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty!

Bismarck: My name will always be linked with the title of mightiest knight of the empire!

Bismarck: What? What is this? Is it the machine's special functions or is it Kururugi's skill?

Lelouch: Suzaku, your will power is extraordinary. Turning my Geass command "to live" into an unexpected weapon. You've become a warrior like no other.

Suzaku: Even though you can predict my moves, if I do this!

Bismarck: Head on? You insult me!

Bismarck: I failed you, Lady Marianne.

Tohdoh: The Knight of One has fallen!

Gino: What have I become? Am I a knight of Britannia? And if I'm not... Then what am I fighting these battles for?

Lelouch: To the people of the world.

Kallen: Lelouch...

Lelouch: The video that you've just seen is final proof that I am the true ruler of Britannia. In name and indeed. Now that, that is clear. The Holy Britannian Empire is ready to join the United Federation of Nations.

Rakshata: Does that mean?

Ohgi: Britannia will be on our side?

Tamaki: There, you see? I told you he was one of us. He's my buddy!

Lelouch: For the negotiations, I will not be with Suzaku Kururugi nor any of my generals. I shall follow all rules of the U.F.N. However, the site of the negotiation shall be the one nation which is neutral. Standing between Britannia and the U.F.N., Japan. The Ashford Academy will be the site of the conference.

Rivalz: Whoa?

----------- [Eyecatch]

Soldier: This is 1-4-4, north wing, clear.

Cornelia: Is there something going on, Schneizel?

Schneizel: A certain person decided she didn't approve of us. So she's chosen to flee. We need to deploy Damocles now. There's no more time.

Cornelia: Is that the only option we have?

Schneizel: That will be up to the world to decide.

C.C: Lelouch, are you really certain about this? Just me and a few security police?

Lelouch: We're going there to ask them for a favor. To participate in enlightened democratic system.

C.C: A-ha?

Lelouch: And we know how everyone loves their democracy.

Milly: We're coming to you from Ashford Academy, the site chosen by His Majesty Lelouch, emperor of Britannia. It is here that the U.F.N. will debate whether to allow the Britannian empire to become a member. It's the emperor's personal transport. Lelouch, is that really you? I'm sorry. Emperor Lelouch has just landed inside the school grounds.

Woman: It's Lelouch, the emperor of justice!

Woman: Your Majesty! Your Majesty!

Man: He's just a kid.

Rivalz: Lelouch, I need to know the truth, Lelouch. Why didn't you ever tell me who you were?

Guard: Hey! How dare you! Disrespecting the emperor!

Rivalz: Let me go! We're friends. He was my best friend at school here. He was... Lelouch! Hey!

Guard: Why...!

Nina: He's sorry. Let him go! We'll leave right now! Let's go. C'mon.

Kallen: Lelouch, tell me why...

Lelouch: Nice to meet you. You're Captain Kallen Kouzuki, a leader of the Black Knights, are you not?

Kallen: That's right. I'm here to escort you safely to the conference.

Lelouch: Fine. Do you mind if we take the long way around? I am feeling a bit anxious about this. A little walk might be helpful.

Kallen: I understand.

Ohgi: Is Zero... Lelouch, did he come here to pull something?

Villetta: He can't. The O.S.I. systems are completely down now.

Hong Gu: We've also supplied their guards with the goggles that have special lenses. Advanced Geass countermeasures.

Chiba: Kouzuki wants us to watch her closely. If we think he used his Geass on her, she wants us to shoot her. She said to use the snipers.

Tamaki: You're all just paranoid. He came here to make friends. Get over it!

Lelouch: Nostalgic, isn't it?

Kallen: I'm... I'm grateful for what you did. I know if it weren't for you, I would have ended my life back in the Shinjuku ghetto. The Black Knights would never have existed at all. I was glad, proud and honored to be needed by our masked leader Zero. But... when I learned you were Zero, I didn't understand anymore. Even so, the man I saw fighting against Britannia... Now you've joined forces with Suzaku. What are you really trying to do? Do you want personal power? To be above everyone else? Or is this just a game to you? During the Black Rebellion, Ohgi told me to guard you with my life. He told me that... you could make my brother's dream come true. Lelouch, after everything we've been through, what do I mean to you? On the day you left the Ikaruga you told me "Kallen, you have to live!" This is it, then. Bye, Lelouch. The supreme council will be meeting in the gymnasium.

Lelouch: So then it is good bye, Kallen. Chairman Kaguya Sumeragi of the U.F.N. supreme council, I desire that the Holy Britannian Empire participates in the United Federation of Nations.

Kaguya: Master Zero... Do you understand that the participation is dependent upon a 2/3 majority vote of U.F.N. members?

Lelouch: Of course. That's the democratic way of doing things, right?

Kaguya: Yes, that's right.

Representative: This is rather uncourteous, don't you agree?

Representative: It was former Emperor Charles who carried all those crimes, wasn't it?

Lelouch: Geass countermeasures, huh? Well, now it's clear that only Kaguya and core members of the Black Knights know about Geass.

Kaguya: Now, what are you really trying to do here? Treacherous Emperor Lelouch?

Lelouch: I'm surprised at you. Isn't the new Britannia a better country for the entire world?

Xingke: That remains to be seen. U.F.N. resolutions are always determined by majority vote.

Tohdoh: Voting rights are apportioned according to each member nation's population.

Xingke: The Chinese Federation has been broken up, so the nation with the largest population in the world now...

Ohgi: ... is Britannia.

Xianglin: If we allow Britannia to join the U.F.N. today...

Gu: ... you will have more than half the votes, Emperor Lelouch.

Kaguya: In short, if we vote in your favor, you would usurp our power and take control of the U.F.N.

Tamaki: So that's it! I always knew he was a bad guy.

Rakshata: He really is exceptionally dim, isn't he?

Tamaki: I heard that!

Ohgi: What's your response, Emperor Lelouch?

Xingke: Break up your empire. Let your territory secede from Britannia. Or limit your total votes to 20%. Those are your options.

Lelouch: Chairman Kaguya, I have one question that I would like to ask you.

Kaguya: You may do so.

Lelouch: What trait is most important for governing the world?

Kaguya: It's pride. The pride of self-governance.

Lelouch: Good answer. You speak with wisdom, Lady Kaguya. However, I would submit a different answer.

Kaguya: Oh, and what would that answer be?

Lelouch: The will to destroy.

Kaguya: Destroy?

Lelouch: Destroy the world and even oneself!

Kallen: Careful! He's trying to pull off something! Damn it!

Suzaku: I will not allow this affront to His Majesty.

Tohdoh: Where the hell were our perimeter guards?

Soldier: Sorry, sir. He launched suddenly from underwater.

Milly: Is he gonna make the leaders of the entire world obey him at gunpoint?

Minami: Deploy to Ashford Academy! We need to save Lady Kaguya!

Minase: The Britannian forces have started to move!

Xingke: What's that?

Minase: They're crossing from international waters into Japanese territory!

Tohdoh: He's caught us off guard.

Xingke: Meeting with the U.F.N. and then choosing the school as the site. All of this was nothing but a decoy.

Ohgi: If that's true, then he's betrayed the trust of the entire world.

Xianglin: You heard him. He was never interested in joining the U.F.N.

Rakshata: In other words, his goal is a pure dictatorship.

Tohdoh: He abolished the older aristocracy, yet he still continues to call himself emperor.

Xingke: You're right. Zero is... Lelouch is now the enemy of the world.

Xingke: Retreat! Get out of there, Kouzuki.

Kallen: Negative. I'm taking Lelouch down. This Guren's the only unit that can go up against the Lancelot.

Xingke: If you fight here you'll be putting everyone's lives at risk. There're leaders from every nation on Earth.

Kallen: But the empress is also in great danger!

Xingke: I know that, Kallen. But the enemy is Lelouch! He won't hesitate to kill everyone around him. You can't act on your own. We have to let representatives decide how to respond. Otherwise, the U.F.N. itself will collapse. And that would leave Britannia victorious!

Kaguya: Suzaku...

Lelouch: Now, Chairman Sumeragi... I request that you take the vote. Will you allow Britannia to join the U.F.N.?

Kaguya: We'd be voting under duress.

Lelouch: Will you stop them from casting their decision? No, then let's start the democratic process.

Rivalz: Lelouch and Suzaku, what are they thinking? They declared war on the whole world! A roadblock?

Nina: Don't try to protect me. It's not worth it. You get tangled up in this whole thing!

Rivalz: I'm not gonna let them get their hands on you!

Nina: Why? Just as a favor to Milly? If that's it...

Rivalz: Idiot! It's because I'm your friend!

Lloyd: Congratulations!

Rivalz & Nina: Huh?

Lloyd: Aha, ahahaha.

Soldier: Priority target one has been captured. It all went as you predicted, Your Majesty.

Lelouch: Good. Treat her with courtesy as I instructed. Oh, one more thing. I'm sure there was a student with her. Let him go free.

Soldier: Yes, Your Majesty.

Suzaku: Majesty, emergency dispatch from the Avalon.

Lelouch: What is it?

Suzaku: Pendragon... the capital city... it's been...

Lelouch: Damn it! He struck first!

Cecile: The radius of destruction is approximately a hundred kilometers. We have to assume it was caused by a F.L.E.I.J.A. And that's not all. There's a fortress in the sky above it. It's three kilometers long.

Kaguya: What's he doing now?

Suzaku: Lelouch, it's just as you guessed.

Lelouch: Yes, I had no doubt that all the F.L.E.I.J.A. warheads were there. The sky fortress Damocles was developed by the Tromo Agency in Cambodia. It is a perfect base for the F.L.E.I.J.A.s.

C.C: The only one who would know the imperial private channel is...

Schneizel: Do you enjoy forcing others to submit your will, Lelouch?

Lelouch: What do you want?

Schneizel: I've gathered all the F.L.E.I.J.A. warheads. They're deployed to the Damocles.

Lelouch: You're prepared to attack the Britannian emperor?

Schneizel: I'm afraid that's a null point since I don't recognize you as the emperor, Lelouch.

Lelouch: I see. I suppose you think that you're best suited to rule.

Schneizel: No, you're mistaken. There's another who's destined for the throne. The one who's truly best suited to rule Britannia... is right here.

Suzaku: Nunnally!

Nunnally: Listen well, Lelouch and Suzaku. I declare, you're my enemies from now on.

----------- [ED]

Lelouch: Nunnally... Ever since that day 8 years ago, I've needed a reason to go on living. And might I once again lose the very basis for my existence? My guiding star? And if not, do I now have to...!
  