
Suzaku: 2010 of the Imperial Calendar. The Holy Britannian Empire invaded Japan to gain control of its underground Sakuradite resources. My father, Genbu, called for do-or-die resistance. To stop him, I... It was childish. A tragically childish impulsive act. I thought to myself "This will stop the war." I thought that there would be no more needless bloodshed. But I was wrong. The fighting didn't stop. All I wanted was to keep people from killing each other.

Suzaku: No! It was Geass. The power that can twist a man's will! In the end it's just the same. I...

Nina: I didn't know... I didn't understand that... that would be this horrible... that so many people would... did I... That would be a...

Suzaku: Massacre. It's a big hit, Nina. The F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead has proven itself. Britannia can't lose now.

----------- [OP]

Lelouch: The emperor was headed for Area 11. But he never showed up in the Tokyo settlement. Which means he had another objective. His path could've taken him to Shikine island. No. The ruins on Kamine island?

Priest: According to the materials left behind by Director V.V. and our brethren, this location is optimal.

Priest: It will synchronize with the ancient ruins throughout the world.

Priest: With this action we can make the Sword of Akasha manageable once again.

Charles: I never imagined I would use such an ancient device. It's quite astounding.

Anya: So, you're ready to begin, then.

Diethard: What's the Shinkiro's location?

Soldier: Sir, we don't know yet.

Diethard: We have the Britannians assisting us now. As soon as you find it, alert all forces and destroy it.

Soldier: Yes, sir.

C.C: Master is in danger.

Anya: It's been ages since we were face to face like this. It's me! C.C., don't tell me that you've actually...

C.C: I'm so sorry!

Anya: What are you doing? Closing yourself up in here again like this. C.C.? C.C.!

C.C: Who are you?

Anya: It's me. See?

C.C: It's you. So you've chased me all the way in here now. Are you that worried about Lelouch, Marianne?

Marianne: Oh, c'mon. Do you really think I'm such an ideal mother that that's all I think about?

C.C: Then why did you come here for me?

Marianne: Because so much has changed. I need to know if you're still on my side.

C.C: Huh?

Marianne: C.C., why did you seal off your own Code? Just when you have what you wanted. Charles was ready to grant your greatest wish, the wish to die. But you stopped him.

C.C: Even I don't know why I did it. Actually I'm a little shocked, but I did.

Marianne: Then you have to find the answer in the real world. I've made up my mind and that's all there is to it.

C.C: How typical of you.

Marianne: Why is that?

C.C: The one who always comes in and messes around with my life.

Marianne: Because I appreciate what you did. At least as far as giving me my Geass power.

C.C: And you never fulfilled your contract.

Anya: If that's what you think, will you come with me now?

C.C: Yes, oh, but wait a minute. There's something I can't leave behind.

Cornelia: Was there any chance to tell Anya to stay? We'll need someone here to take custody of Zero. So, what do you plan to do, Villetta. Stay with the Black Knights? Neither my brother nor myself plan to punish you. After all, now that things have moved forward to the next level, I'd say we have no authority to act against you.

Villetta: Well... I...

Cornelia: I'm probably the last person to say this but noble rank isn't everything.

Diethard: There's no choice. We have to announce that Zero was killed in battle.

Ohgi: Even though we haven't found Lelouch yet?

Tohdoh: You want people to believe he's dead?

Rakshata: Pardon me. I understand that Zero has betrayed us in all of that, but do you plan on telling everyone about Geass?

Diethard: We can't. They'd say we're crazy. We'd lose all credibility. There's no way.

Tohdoh: And what if the real Zero appears later?

Diethard: How exactly would he prove that he is the real Zero? In the end, the masked hero was merely a symbol. He can't reestablish himself without us.

Lelouch: Oh, really? That's very good news. Excellent.

Rivalz: Yeah. They finally got the cell phones working again and we've got the news that everyone is okay. It was a gigasmic relief. Oh, yeah, your room was destroyed but there's space in the clubhouse.

Lelouch: I see. Is the student council room all right?

Rivalz: Mm. By the way, where's Rolo? Is he with you?

Lelouch: Yeah... Listen, Rivalz. Can you tell the prez something for me? Tell her I won't to be able to keep my promise to shoot off fireworks with everyone.

Rivalz: Huh? What was that supposed to mean?

Lelouch: Sorry, Rivalz. And good luck. Kallen, take care of C.C. I have to kill him even if I die doing it! I'm gambling that I can kill immortal who never ages and who's immune to the power of Geass. That's the only chance I have left!

Soldier: Preparations are complete, Your Majesty.

Charles: Very well. Let us begin.

Woman: I feel something shaking.

Man: Oh, really?

Priest: All relic systems are now synchronized.

Charles: With this shall end the world of the existing God. Destruction and creation... Ragnarok has finally begun.

Monica: Your Majesty, Prince Schneizel sent report on the conflicting...

Charles: Did I not tell you to leave these mundane affairs to him?

Monica: Mundane affairs?

Charles: Has the truth finally begun to dawn on you, Schneizel? If so, it's too late. This game called war is already obsolete.

Milly: This is KT television. Since our studios were lost in the blast, we've setup a temporary studio at Ashford Academy to bring you this emergency news alert. A short while ago, we received official word that Prince Schneizel has signed a cease-fire with the Black Knights. In addition, according to an official announcement, Zero, leader and CEO of the Black Knights, was killed in the final battle. Zero was wounded in the fight for the Tokyo settlement and subsequently received medical treatment aboard the flagship Ikaruga, but he's succumbed to his injuries before daybreak this morning.

Man: Master Zero!

Woman: No! No!

Man: It can't be true!

Jeremiah: What's the meaning of this, Ohgi? Is it true that Zero is dead?

Ohgi: Yeah. I'm afraid it's just as the media's reporting.

Jeremiah: Could I at least see his face to confirm it?

Ohgi: Sorry. But we are busy right now, Jeremiah. It'll have to wait till later.

Kallen: Are you serious about this?

Ohgi: The Black Knights don't need Zero anymore.

Kallen: We've only gotten this far because of him. To just throw him away like he's disposable...

Ohgi: He's the one who treated us like we were disposable. He fooled us from the very beginning. With that despicable Geass power!

Tamaki: I called him my friend. The best friend I've ever had. I loved that guy more than my own life!

Sugiyama: But then...

Minami: We learned the truth. Think about the Black Rebellion. He was ready to dispose of Ohgi then. No, even before that...

Ohgi: That's right. People are more than just game pieces. The lives matter. That's why we're fighting.

Lelouch: Lelouch vi Britannia now commands you. From this moment forward, you shall obey my orders!

----------- [Eyecatch]

Gino: Damn, she's good.

Suzaku: Lloyd, can you give me an update on the status of the Lancelot?

Lloyd: You know the status. You saw the condition of the core luminous.

Suzaku: No. I'm talking about the Lancelot Albion.

Cecile: It's ready to roll out.

Gino: Albion? What's that about?

Lloyd: Oh, I shouldn't have mentioned that. It's a custom Knightmare built for Suzaku. But in the state of mind you're in, I don't want you going near it.

Suzaku: Lloyd, as Knight of Seven, I could order you to do it.

Lloyd: My unease grows worse and worse.

Cecile: Suzaku, didn't you say that you had to be prepared not to fire the F.L.E.I.J.A.?

Suzaku: Miss Cecile, what's the fundamental purpose of any weapon?

Cecile: Sir Kururugi, you want to debate this like a school boy?

Suzaku: The point it...

Gino: Drop it, Suzaku. This isn't like you.

Gino: Your Highness?

Schneizel: It's all right. You can relax.

Lloyd: Princess Cornelia, it's been far too long, Your Highness.

Cornelia: Right. Where is Lord Guilford?

Cecile: Well...

Schneizel: Cornelia, I'm afraid Lord Guilford was caught in the...

Kanon: He went missing after he launched the F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead. It was his heroism that saved all of us.

Cornelia: Guilford?

Schneizel: We may not know if he's alive or dead but he did a great deed. You should be proud of him. He served you well as your knight.

Suzaku: What are you saying? I'm the one who fired F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead. That was my deed of honor. The feed I needed to become the Knight of One.

Gino: Hold on Suzaku.

Suzaku: Is this manipulation designed to protect Lord Guilford's legacy?

Cornelia: What are you saying?

Schneizel: I suggest you stop, Suzaku.

Suzaku: No, I've been naive up till now.

Lloyd: No? You?

Suzaku: Stubbornly maintaining that the means are more important than the end result. I was idealistic and self-righteous.

Schneizel: Perhaps, but...

Suzaku: In any case I insist on what is do me, Your Highness. Make me the Knight of One.

Cornelia: You've crossed the line into insubordination, Kururugi.

Lloyd: Anyway, only an emperor has the power to dub a warrior the Knight of One. Which means...

Schneizel: Which means, I shall rise to this.

Everyone: Huh?

Cornelia: Brother!

Schneizel: If I become the emperor, it will remove the problem. It's really as simple as that?

Gino: Highness, what you said just now is cross...

Suzaku: Gino.

Gino: What are you planning to do?

Suzaku: Prince Schneizel, can you please tell us all what is let you to make this decision?

Gino: He considers our affairs trivial and mundane. That's how His Majesty refer to our mortal struggle with the Black Knights.

Gino: But...

Schneizel: You've seen it, too, Cornelia. How absorbed father is with his dangerous research, how he abandons the throne. It's true. He treats diplomacy and war like they are meaningless trifles. A man who's lost interest in this world, who sees his people locked in a life and death struggle and shrugs and indifference. Such a man has no right to rule.

Kanon: He's finally made up his mind, but...

Lloyd: Could it be a coup d'etat...?

Cecile: That's wrong...

Suzaku: Your Highness, as a Knight of the Round, I can arrange an audience with the emperor. Please give me your order to assassinate him.

Gino: Suzaku!

Suzaku: If I'm predestined to be a killer, then so be it. Gino, I know what I am and what I must do. What matters are results.

Kaguya: Now then, Your Majesty, as he previously arranged, I'll conduct negotiations with Prime Minister Schneizel in Tokyo.

Tianzi: But Kaguya, after all Zero was your husband...

Kaguya: Losing Master Zero is a terrible blow. It's true. But we can't dwell on that. When our nations are in danger we must turn his death to our best advantage. And honestly, I know I called myself his wife but he and I were just... That is in the end... we were married but... in heart only...

Suzaku: His Majesty is landed on Kamine island?

Soldier: Yes, My Lord. Along with an unknown group of subjects.

Suzaku: Unknown group. Survivors of the Geass Order?

Gino: Are you serious about sending Suzaku to assassinate your own father?

Schneizel: Gino, do you want this war to remain in the stalemate forever?

Gino: What do you mean?

Schneizel: The true nature of people is this. They want to be controlled by their nation, their religion, their traditions, and by figures of grand authority. Above all, the emperor of Britannia must play his part.

Gino: So now you're the one to play that part, Your Highness? The grand authority?

Schneizel: If I'm called upon to do it, then perhaps...

Cornelia: Perhaps... How so?

Schneizel: Did know that the word authority actually has another meaning?

Charles: Was this treason Schneizel's idea?

Suzaku: It was my decision. Majesty, I appreciate your patronage. That cannot be questioned. But, you are guilty of two crimes.

Charles: Oh?

Suzaku: First, abandoning your responsibilities as emperor. And second, dirtying your hands with the power of Geass.

Charles: Is that a capital crime?

Suzaku: Geass takes good men and bends them to evil. You knew that. You could've saved Euphie. It would've been so easy. But instead you abandoned her.

Charles: So what?

Suzaku: You also drove Lelouch and Nunnally away. Their despair is in this sword. Die! Lord Waldstein! What are you doing here?

Bismarck: Did you think you're the one who knew about Geass? It takes many forms. Who could be foolish enough to relax his guard with a man who constantly betrays everyone who trusts him.

Charles: Bismarck, I leave this mundane matter to you.

Bismarck: Yes, Your Majesty. So be it.

Suzaku: Hold on!

Hong Gu: Ohgi, this is Hong Gu. Requesting landing clearance. We brought Her Majesty and Lady Kaguya with us.

Ohgi: Right. Then I'll contact Schneizel's staff as well.

Diethard: I thought Ohgi had finally changed a bit. But no, definitely miscast. His true nature is to be defensive.

Suzaku: No. The Geass command that compels me to live. It's screaming at me to run away! Is the Knight of One really that dangerous an opponent? I left my weakness!

Bismarck: Weakness? Fool! What you call weakness... That was the source of your strength. Gentleness and compassion are what drove you. Take those away and there's nothing left but violence. Which means... you will die here, Suzaku Kururugi.

Lelouch: My name is Lelouch vi Britannia. I am the eldest son of Empress Marianne, the prince who was abandoned by his empire!

Soldier: We can't contact His Majesty. If you encounter anyone suspicious, don't capture them, kill them.

Soldier: Yes, My Lord.

Soldier: What are you doing? Why are you shooting...

Monica: Why are we attacking on our own forces?

Soldier: We're still confirming but we can't contact gun turret room 3!

Soldier: Someone may have seized the weapon system!

Soldier: Respond! Turret room 3! If you do not respond now, we will remove you by force!

Soldier: Follow us the royal guard! We'll eliminate all enemies!

Soldier: Yes, My Lord.

Soldier: The reinforcements from the Shikine island base are attacking us!

Soldier: We're getting reports of our own guards turning on us as well!

Monica: This is...

Bismarck: But damned rebellion!

Soldier: Yes, My Lord. Where's the emperor?

Bismarck: His Majesty is in the safest possible place. For now we...

Suzaku: Lelouch, it's my burden!

Bismarck: Who is in command aboard the Great Britannia now?

Soldier: Lady Monica Krushevsky, the honorable Knight of Twelve.

Bismarck: Very well. In that case, I'm taking the Galahad.

Kanon: You still can't contact the Mordred?

Soldier: No, My Lord. Although I think she's headed for Kamine island.

Schneizel: I see. That means she must have just received the intelligence and is all her way to His Majesty. Along with Suzaku? No, this is...

Schneizel: My apologies, Lady Kaguya. The meeting will have to be postponed. We need to go to Kamine island at once.

Kaguya: I see. Then we should go with you as well. There's only one person I can think of who would be attacking the Britannian emperor in the situation. I believe you all know who that is.

Xingke: I agree, Lady Kaguya.

Kaguya: That changes things. We have a few points to verify before we go on. We can continue the meeting once this matter has been settled.

Lelouch: If anyone wishes to stop me, let them try. If there's anyone who can go beyond my despair.

Bismarck: Our own forces turning on this. I can't tell friend from foe and I can't just destroy them all. Anya. Surely you aren't part of this, too.

Anya: So the Knight of One is behind this traitorous coup d'etat?

Bismarck: What's that?

(Charles laughs.)

Bismarck: Don't jump to conclusions!

Anya: How can I trust you!

Bismarck: The enemy is from Shikine island. Monica can testify to it.

Anya: I understand now. Forgive me, Lord Bismarck.

Bismarck: All I ask of you is your recognition. How damaged is your Knighmare?

Anya: My air combat mobility is dropped. xxx intercept rebel forces on the ground.

Bismarck: Understood. I'll defend the royal flagship.

C.C: You're quite the actress, aren't you?

Anya: We don't have time to explain things to Bismarck right now. Since I questioned his royalty, he didn't question mine.

C.C: Putting a moment to fence it. That's just the sort of flash I'd expect from Marianne the Flash. And it's just perfect for Lelouch's mother.

Anya: So what comes next?

C.C: Hm?

Anya: Well, we have to save him, don't we?

C.C: Hmm.

Charles: God, hear me now! The time has come to settle this!

Lelouch: You're wrong. You lift your voice to call upon god. But it's not god you need to settle things with, Charles zi Britannia. It's me, your son!

Charles: And how will you challenge me? Neither gun nor sword will have any effect on me. Nor will the power of your Geass. Nothing you can do can kill me.

Lelouch: But I don't need to kill you. By coming to this parallel realm, you've already ensured my victory.

Charles: You've sealed the exit?

Lelouch: Yes. You, I and the power of Geass are now sealed in this space together. And if you can no longer interfere with the real world, then all your plans will be meaningless in the end. You may as well be dead!

Charles: Lelouch!

Lelouch: The system which you created has become a prison which now holds your own soul captive. Now, let us repent. Suffering together for all eternity!

----------- [ED]

Lelouch:  I can't back down now. No. I must face him! I have to wager everything I am against this man! Charles, the emperor of Britannia! It doesn't matter what happens to me in the end. But I must win!
  