
Lelouch Acting at the request of the United Federation of Nations resolution number one for the liberation of Japan, the Black Knights sent a landing force into the Britannian Empire colony known as Area 11. Targeting the troops commanded by Bismarck Waldstein, the Knight of One encamped on the Kyushu coast, the main force struck, led by general commander Li Xingke. Using this as a diversion, the separate detachment of Black Knights staged a lethal assault on the Tokyo settlement. But Schneizel, prince of Britannia, was waiting for them with a secret weapon of mass destruction called F.L.E.I.J.A. At that moment, to Zero and the Black Knights, the very existence of this weapon was unknown.

----------- [OP]

Lelouch: New orders, Black Knights Ikaruga fleet. Gefjun Disturbers have immobilized all utilities, communications and pre-fifth generation Knightmares throughout the Tokyo settlement. The enemy's military might has been cut in half. Hit all major facilities and eliminate their ability to strike back. We must achieve these goals before the main forces under Schneizel's command arrive here. By establishing our defense line, we'll isolate the government bureau. If we can seize viceroy Nunnally, then victory will be ours.

Lohmeyer: Viceroy Nunnally, it's Zero. Zero is leading an assault.

Nunnally: Zero.

Kallen: Zero's on his way?

Gino: Look at that smile. And that's more like the real you, Kallen? It's too bad. Your wish won't come true. Because I and my Tristan fight for Britannia.

Schneizel: Our first priority is to eliminate the Gefjun Disturbers along the railway circular routes. Can't we dispatch the Lancelot for that?

Kanon: That'll depend upon the current state of Sir Kururugi's mind set.

Schneizel: The battle field's not a place for him to work at self-esteem issues.

Cecile: Nina, you don't know what you're doing.

Nina: If we don't act, Zero will capture the Tokyo settlement.

Lloyd: But you're not a Devicer. You may have designed the system but you have no battle skills.

Nina: With the F.C.C., I can at least defend the government bureau.

Suzaku: But are you prepared to actually fire the F.L.E.I.J.A.? And more importantly, are you prepared to not fire?

Lelouch: Tohdoh, have Asahina and Chiba establish air supremacy.

Tohdoh: Roger.

Lelouch: That should cover everything except their newer Knightmares 6th generation and above. Rolo, how is your infiltration proceeding?

Rolo: Sayoko and her group have gone on ahead of us. We'll rendezvous with them shortly. It's all arranged.

Lelouch: Good. Be sure you take Nunnally alive. So, you've come, Suzaku.

Suzaku: I'm the only one who can make Lelouch, make Zero atone for what he's done. Listen up, Zero. Call off your attack. This unit is equipped with the high-yield tactical warhead. If I unleash it, it will inflict catastrophic damage beyond all known limits.

Lelouch: As if I believe anything that you'd say. Jeremiah!

Jeremiah: Yes, Your Majesty!

Suzaku: Lord Jeremiah, is that you? Why?

Jeremiah: Suzaku Kururugi. I owe you a debt. I sympathize with you. I respect you. However in this situation, loyalty trumps all!

Suzaku: The Siegfried's!

Jeremiah: Take this! The storm of my loyalty!

Suzaku: You picked up bad time for piety, now!

Yusk: The Sutherland Sieg seems to be effective.

Rakshata: Yes, but... We can never mass-produce a one-off unit that uses the Siegfried's system. That's understood, right? What I'd really like to know is why Jeremiah is on our side now. He's not just some knight, you know? That also goes for the man once called the Spearhead of the Empire.

Guilford: What's going on? Why am I fighting against royal Britannian forces?

Lelouch: Guilford! Assist Jeremiah. Slay Suzaku Kururugi!

Jeremiah: But Princess, Kururugi is...

Cornelia: There's no time to explain. It's urgent. You must trust me and kill Kururugi.

Suzaku: Lord Jeremiah, the reason I'm here is to put an end to this battle.

Jeremiah: Are you saying you can do it? Are you able to dissipate my Lord's torment?

Suzaku: But it shouldn't involve the people!

Suzaku: Lord Guilford, too?

Guilford: Kururugi, we each serve our royal Lords. It's not personal.

Nina: Suzaku, fire the F.L.E.I.J.A.! You should kill Zero now!

Suzaku: I'm sorry, Nina. I won't unleash it. But I swear I will stop Zero.

Lelouch: Excellent. Once Suzaku's finished off, there'll be nothing left to stop me from taking back Nunnally.

Gino: No one can defeat a Knight of the Round. No one!

Suzaku: Gino, thank you.

Gino: Can't you look a bit happier when someone saved your life? Lord Jeremiah...

Gino: So what they said about Orange was true, huh?

Jeremiah: Orange, you say. That is the name of my loyalty.

Lelouch: This onslaught. It's all from Schneizel. Did he anticipate my moves? That's right. I'll be rendezvousing with you little later than I expected.

Rolo: Yes, I understand. We have just cleared all interferences up to the 13th floor. Don't worry. I promise I'll find Nunnally.

Lelouch: Right. I'm counting on you. And once you bring back Nunnally, I'll have no further need for you, Rolo.

Rolo: Big brother. I promised you I'd find Nunnally and I will. And when I do, I'll kill her with my own hands. I'm the only family you need.

Sayoko: Master Rolo. Emergency report from group 2 moving toward the hangers. They say that they've sighted priority item 3.

Nunnally: I won't. I refuse to flee this way.

Lohmeyer: The prime minister has personally ordered it.

Nunnally: My brother Schneizel?

Lohmeyer: The others cannot leave you behind. So if you stay, all must stay and die.

David: You're no match for my Gareth!

Chiba: Keep dreaming. We've got full air superiority.

David: We want you!

Chiba: Oh, no. Tohdoh... I owe you deeply, Asahina.

Asahina: You've got future plans in the works, right?

Chiba: So what's our next move? Zero ordered us not to attack the bureau itself until Viceroy Nunnally has been captured alive.

Asahina: Zero, huh?

Kallen: They're all... They're all fighting while I'm...

Edgar: We'll defend it. No matter what. Lord Guilford has lost his sanity. But so long as we Glaston Knights still perform with courage and xxx we uphold Princess Cornelia's honor!

Suzaku: Answer me, Zero! If you started this battle because of me, then let me explain.

Lelouch: Filled with conceit as ever. You betrayed your father and all Japan. 'course you betray your friends, too. That's who you are. What's this?

Suzaku: Anya? Wait!

Gino: Suzaku, leave Zero to Anya.

Anya: Which one do you think is stronger? Your shield or my Stark Hadron Canon?

Lelouch: Even this shield, can't withstand this for very long.

Hinaga: Contact lost with the Shinkiro!

Tohdoh: Zero?

Hinata: Apparently he's engaging a combat with the Knight of Six!

Minase: What are your orders for Hashimoto?

Futaba: And we also have to defend Kujuukuri.

Tohdoh: Well, I, ah...

Minami: Patch Hashimoto over here to me.

Tohdoh: Sugiyama, do we have any units we can send to help Zero.

Sugiyama: Ah... just Tamaki.

Lohmeyer: Yes. Viceroy Nunnally is being put aboard the escape craft. But until the Gefjun Disturbers have all been deactivated. Right. We can't use a Knightmare without being targeted by the enemy. Yes. Understood. Who's going to execute Kallen Kouzuki?

Soldier: Sir Georg. But are you sure about this? Viceroy Nunnally didn't...

Lohmeyer: It's for her own good. Despite a feeble attempts to assert herself.

Kallen: Sayoko!

Sayoko: You're looking well. Master Rolo has gone on to secure Miss Nunnally. We came to give you a present, Miss Kallen. It should fit. I think Miss Milly's former fiance was behind the changes. There seems to be a draft instruction manual with it. Shall we try to get it working?

Kallen: It's different, somehow...

Tohdoh: We can't stretch our battle lines any further. We're already at the breaking point now.

Soldier: All Gefjun Disturbers in Ikebukuro and Sugamo have been destroyed.

Kanon: Now we can reinforce our lines with fifth generation Knightmares and older. We are also bringing the government bureau's defense system back on line.

Schneizel: The momentum has shifted in our favor.

Chiba: The lights!

Asahina: We are out of time!

Asahina: Kinoshita, haven't you found the viceroy, yet?

Kinoshita: Commanders have freed Captain Kouzuki. But...

Asahina: Kinoshita!

Asahina: Hey, are you okay?

Kinoshita: I sent the data on Zero from my system... That's all I could do...

Tamaki: What the hell! I can't find him! Where's this battle Zero is fighting? He's my best bud!

Anya: Just a little more. Again... Something is...

Lelouch: The Mordred just...

Luciano: Zero, face it. Your Black Rebellion is doomed to fail.

Lelouch: He sent another Knight of the Round?

Luciano: Here's a question. What do people value most? Answer: their lives. Of course.

----------- [Eyecatch]

Kallen: The basic system is the same?

Sayoko: We're still trying to determine Master Zero's current position. Shall I transfer the I.F.F. data?

Kallen: Yes, please.

Sayoko: Let's see. Guren S.E.I.T.E.N. Eight. It could be...

Kallen: Confirm activation.

Sayoko: Activation, confirmed. You're good to go. Once the Guren is launched, we'll return to our mission.

Kallen: Right. You take care of the viceroy. I'll have Zero.

Sayoko: Agreed. Well then.

Kallen: Guren S.E.I.T.E.N. Eight Elements

Sayoko: Launching!

Kallen: Now launch!

David: What the...? Father, I let you down. Forgive me.

Edgar: David!

Chiba: Is that Kouzuki? But that unit she's flying...

Lelouch: At this rate...

Luciano: This shield's the only good thing about your Knightmare. Valkyrie squadron, don't let him go. No matter what.

Valkyrie squadron: Yes, My Lord!

Lelouch: I'm in trouble! I used too much energy with the Mordred!

Futaba: Zero, do you read me, Zero?!

Lelouch: Where are my reinforcements?

Futaba: Tamaki will be there soon! But we've picked out a fleet over the Pacific!

Lelouch: What about it?

Tohdoh: Zero, it's me. It seems to be the Britannian emperor's flagship!

Lelouch: What? He's coming to Area 11 as well?

Schneizel: No, His Majesty is not coming to the battlefield.

Kanon: What makes you so certain of that?

Schneizel: Do you think he cares about his mundane things, the day we call today? He doesn't.

Tamaki: Let Zero go! Or you'll have to deal with me, Shinichiro Tamaki, his best bud... Damn it! This always happens to me!

Lelouch: Yes, now's my chance!

Luciano: Just what I was waiting for, Zero. To go to attack mode, to drop your shield. Now I will take what you value most and blow it away!

Lelouch: In this position I can't... Nunnally!

Valkyrie squadron: Huh? They got me?

Valkyrie squadron: Kewell!

Kallen: Be careful what you wish for, Vampire of Britannia.

Luciano: Really?

Lelouch: Is that Kallen?

Kallen: Zero, I'm here. Your elite guard Kallen Kouzuki is back on the battle line!

Lloyd: You thieves! That's mine! All mine!

Cecile: Oh, not quite. I did some of the upgrades, remember?

Lloyd: Oh, right. It's actually collaboration... What am I talking about? With a capable Devicer, even its 60% output that unit can cut the other Knightmares to ribbons.

Rakshata: That's the Earl of Pudding's work and Cecile's energy wings. How dare they? Altering my Guren without my permission!

Ohgi: Still, now that we've got Kallen back in the combat zone.

Tohdoh: It will even up the battle!

Soldier: Sir Bradley, you have permission to destroy the Guren.

Luciano: Irrelevant! Killing is all one should do on the battlefield.

Luciano: Eleven. Do you know the prime truth of the battlefield? Kill a man off the field, then you're a criminal. But killing 'em all on it and you're a big hero.

Kallen: So, the Vampire of Britannia wants to be a hero now. Is that it?

Luciano: No, not at all. War allows me to officially take what people value most. Their lives!

Kallen: Some knight. You're barely a scoundrel!

Luciano: And now...

Kallen: And now what? That's not gonna work.

Luciano: Ah, but now I've got you in close range. What?

Kallen: Question. What do you value the most? Your own pitiful life?

Luciano: You think an Eleven can threaten me?

Kallen: Send a postcard.

Luciano: My life! My life is taken by a lowly Eleven?

Lelouch: Good work, Kallen. Now get back to the government bureau and get Nunnally!

Suzaku: I won't let you!

Guilford: Suzaku Kururugi!

Gino: Easy now.

Suzaku: Kallen, stand aside!

Kallen: Forget it, Suzaku!

Suzaku: No, deflected? The hadron blaster?

Gino: Kallen, so in the end you chose the name Kouzuki over Stadtfeld.

Kallen: That's right. Which means you and I do battle once again. So should I be happy or sad about that, Gino?

Gino: What if we just enjoy?

Gino: Suzaku, let me settle things with Kallen, okay?

Kallen: You won't be easy.

Suzaku: I'm sorry, Gino. This pilot isn't a kind of a pony you can mess around with.

Minase: Tohdoh's forces have broken through to the enemy's command ship!

Edgar: Impossible! My Gareth!

Kanon: Raise all the shields in area four.

Tohdoh: We're just after Schneizel's head. Assume Slash and Encircle Formation!

Asahina: Tohdoh, I'm sending you some testimony that Kinoshita gathered.

Tohdoh: It's hardly this time!

Asahina: Listen to and you'll understand. We can't trust commander Zero. I'm going into the government bureau to capture Rolo.

Hinata: Explosion detected in section 4-I of the ship!

Ohgi: Could it be... Chigusa?

Suzaku: I need to bring this battle into close range.

Nina: Suzaku, Kallen isn't the one you need to fight! It's Zero!

Soldier: Your escape route is towards the Ikebukuro front.

Soldier: But there are still Black Knights in your flight pass. Wait till we've mopped them up before you launch.

Sayoko: Master Zero, we found the viceroy.

Lelouch: I see. Excellent work.

Sayoko: Master Rolo will escort us out of here as soon as he steals the Knightmare. He'll have it in a moment.

Lelouch: Understood. Victory is within our reach. Kallen! Finish off Suzaku now. He's the only thing standing in our way.

Kallen: Right!

Lloyd: Get out of there, Suzaku.

Cecile: You can't beat that Guren.

Suzaku: But, Zero...!

Lloyd: Oh.

Cecile: So xxx.

Suzaku: It's... It's too great. The difference in unit performance.

Kanon: At this rate, we're going to lose Sir Kururugi as well as Sir Bradley.

Nina: Fire, Suzaku! Use the F.L.E.I.J.A.!

Suzaku: No, Nina. Power is in the threat. If we actually use it... I can't win...

Kallen: Good bye, Suzaku.

Sayoko: Miss Nunnally!

Lelouch: Kill Suzaku! Do it!

Nina: Unleash the F.L.E.I.J.A.! You can still save yourself!

Suzaku: But, if I do that...! Even if it costs me my life...! That's right. This is redemption. I have to accept it. This is where I'm going to... to...

Lelouch: Live!

Suzaku: I... must... live!

Edgar: Is this... F.L.E.I.J.A.?

Soldier: Fall back! All units, retreat!

Chiba: Why are the Britannians running? We have to retreat, too. Asahina, are you reading me? Get out of the government bureau! Asahina!

Minami: Something's wrong. Pull the Ikaruga back at maximum speed!

Soldier: You in the Sutherland, what are you doing? They've fired the F.L.E.I.J.A.!

Rolo: Fired a F.L.E.I.J.A.?

Lelouch: Could that be the weapon Suzaku was talking about? Nunnally!

Asahina: General Tohdoh, I tried to warn you.

Lohmeyer: Why did they use the F.L.E.I.J.A. here?

Guilford: Princess, save yourself! Princess! Princess, you must live! Please live!

Lelouch: Rolo.

Rolo: Yes, big brother?

Lelouch: Could you please let me speak with Nunnally.

Rolo: Ah, well...

Lelouch: I can't reach Sayoko.

Rolo: Listen, big brother. We weren't in time. Nunnally was caught in that flash of light.

Lelouch: I'm not asking you about anything like that now. I just wanna talk to Nunnally. That's all.

Rolo: But Nunnally is dead. She's dead, big brother.

Lelouch: Don't lie to me! Please, Rolo. Could you just for a moment, please... Let me speak with Nunnally...

----------- [ED]
  