
  Imperial Calendar Year 2017.The colony Japan now renamed Area 11, declared a war of independence against suzerain state of the Holy Britannian Empire.This uprising which came to be known as the Black Rebellion was marked by heavy bloodshed and ended with a second historic defeat for Japan.Since then, one year has passed.The terrorist known as Zero presumed dead has again appeared in Area 11.Zero leads an armed group of Japanese known as the Black Knights.His true identity Lelouch Lamperouge, the exiled prince of the Britannian Empire.



Lelouch: Therefore once again, here and now I declare the establishment of the United States of Japan! Starting from this moment, this room shall be the first dominion of the U.S.J. Race, ideology or religion will not matter. Being a citizen will have but one requirement to do that which is just.

Rolo: I came here to kill Zero. It's my cell phone. Nothing else.

Lelouch: Rolo, are you okay?

Rolo: Ah, Lelouch?

Lelouch: Thank heaven. I was getting really worried because I couldn't get ahold of you. You are not hurt, are you? You're somewhere safe, right?

Rolo: What's going on here? Is the Zero making the speech right now a different person? Big brother, where are you right now?

Lelouch: Me? What are you talking about? Especially since...

Villetta: Hello, Rolo. It's me.

Rolo: Ms.Villetta?

Villetta: Lelouch came back to school. And he's making up all the classes that he missed. You should get back here soon, too.

Rolo: Yes, ma'am. I understand.

Xingke: Well then, are you finished with your phone call?

Rolo: It seems all my business... is finished here.



TV: The ragtag remnants of the Black Knights and the man claiming to be Zero are currently hiding in a section of the Chinese Federation consulate. However, there's no cause for alarm. Acting Viceroy Guilford has taken command of the army in the absence of wounded Viceroy Calares. The consulate has been completely surrounded and the public...

Kallen: You have the town jumping, Lelouch.

C.C: Naturally. A new nation has just been created in their own territory. And not to mention of course, that it also just declared war on Britannia. What's the matter?

Kallen: When did you two switch places.

C.C: Before the speech.

Kallen: But I...

C.C: His voice was rerecorded. The moment "he" appeared, it was already me, just like in a magic show.

Kallen: You planned it on your own. We don't like it when you keep secrets from us.

C.C: "We" don't like it? You mean "you" don't like it, do you?



Milly: Lelouch, open the oven!

Lelouch: Yeah, yeah.

Milly: Some salt. Frying pan. A fresh egg. Bechamel sauce. Put the gelato on another plate. Oh, and add the rosemary to the sorbet. Then add the dill to the sauerkraut. The black forests cake needs...

Lelouch: I can't do this by myself! Why do you only keep asking me to help with that all?

Milly: We didn't have a choice. Rivalz has no sense of taste and of course she is...

Lelouch: Well, after all she isn't the most focused person in the world.

Milly: Oh just behave and do what you told now. Usually a character like you would act as the type who couldn't earn a living.

Rivalz: And he keeps a book of his household spending.

Lelouch: How did you know that?!

Rivalz: Oh, jeez. You really do? Want a towel?

Shirley: I will get it myself, thank you.

Lelouch: President, can I ask something?

Milly: Certainly, although I may choose not to answer you.

Lelouch: So today, we are celebrating Rolo and me coming back alive.

Milly: you two escaped that terror attack all right? Shirley was practically out of her mind, poor girl. "Oh if my Lelu has been killed, ah ..."

Rivalz: Hey, where is Rolo? 

Milly: I spoke with him but you know, the boy is a lot more sensitive than his older brother.

Rivalz: That's partly why he doesn't have any friends, isn't it ?

Shirley: You should simply say he is quiet.

Milly: Ah... not that I mind your dirty hands on my mouth but...

Shirley: Alright. I'm sorry

Lelouch: Nobody remembers anything about Nunnally. My little sister has been replaced by a pretend little brother. I wasn't the only one whose memory was rewritten. Entire student council has been manipulated with as well. How dare they... 



O.S.I: Even after the Babel Tower incidence, Lelouch Lamperouge has shown no special changes.

O.S.I: There are 180 cameras on campus, as well as 47 under cover observers. That's 48 observers, we found no clues or information that could connect Lelouch with the destruction of Carthage's unit.

Villetta: Surveillance is perfect. He has no opportunity to use his Geass. If he is Zero, it would be odd if he returned here to the school.

Rolo: And what's the status of C.C.? Where is she?

Villetta: If she is not in close proximity to Lelouch, then the odds are very slim that she would be in a consulate.

Rolo: You mean things are the same as they were before the incident. You have still no clue where C.C. is.

Villetta: Those of us in the Office of Secret Intelligence will carry on our mission to capture her. People, continue observing the bait as you have been.

O.S.I: Yes, My Lord. 



Lelouch: The enemy's center is where their surveillance data is transmitted. I can just keep acting the way I have been but the problem is Nunnally. The fact that all memory of her has been erased from everyone's minds tells me she would never show up here at school. In short, the probability is high that the Britannian Emperor has my sister now. I'm dealing with the man who'd use his own children as pawns. If they learn that I've regained my memories and that I've reverted to being Zero, Nunnally would be in danger. I have to plan my movements carefully. First, I'll trick the people they have spying on me. And then...

Villetta: Lelouch, make sure you come to class tomorrow. You hear?

Lelouch: Yes, I hear you. Coach Villetta, you really should have more faith in me. Villetta Nu, a woman I once used my Geass on. I can use my Geass power on a person only once, which means it won't work on her any more. That leaves my brother Rolo, who shouldn't even exist. Why don't I begin by gradually subduing him? ----------

E.U.Army: Italian state forces are holding strong on the right flank, too.

E.U.Army: The victory Bordeaux drink tonight will be a fine vintage.

E.U.Army: Unknown craft approaching from above!

E.U.Army: What?

E.U.Army: The Lancelot.

E.U.Army: Britannia's white death.

E.U.Army: Knights of the Round here in the front line?

Suzaku: Please surrender. You have no chance of winning. Anyone who throws his weapon down will not be shot.

E.U.Army: Of all the impertinent !

E.U.Army: Destroy it.

E.U.Army: Damn it! He's only one knight.

Suzaku: Then so be it. Do you want more?

Kanon: Allowing him to conduct solo operation, are you sure? Kururugi used to be your subordinate, your Highness.

Schneizel: He's now the Knight of Seven and reports directly to His Majesty.

Kanon: Yes, My Lord.

Schneizel: He has been elevated in rank. He's to be admired. The world today is overflowing with despair. That's why he uses his humility and sense of duty as a compass to guide him through these dark times. ----------

Lelouch: Nina's gone, too. I wonder if Suzaku took Arthur with him.

Rolo: What's up? How come you looking through the album? Hey, that's the student council marathon dance fire isn't it?

Lelouch: You know the Prez, she runs us ragged with all these events she likes to put on.

Rolo: Oh, that's the broken heart contest.

Lelouch: Talk about sad irony. The Prez dumps on Rivalz's heart then presents him with the award for wining.

Rolo: Weird, how you happen to escape? You heard the news, didn't you? Our military had Babel tower completely surrounded. So how did you do it? How did you manage to get pass them?

Lelouch: What are you talking about, Rolo? Do you want to know how I got away from the military or did you mean to say terrorists? I took an emergency corridor. I tried to call you, but my cell won't work in that particular area.

Rolo: I see.

Lelouch: Locket. That's right. I remember giving it to Rolo for his birthday. No, that's wrong. October 25th is not his birthday. It's Nunnally's birthday. Rolo, give me that locket.

Rolo: Huh?

Lelouch: I don't know what I was thinking. That's not a good gift for a guy. I'll get you something at...

Rolo: Don't take it. You gave it to me. It's mine. Please don't, don't take it back.

Lelouch: Sure fine. You keep it then, Rolo.



Rolo: Right. We haven't observed any changes in Lelouch's behavior. There are no indications that he used his Geass, either.

Villetta: The order won't divulge the secrets of Geass due to its religious nature...

O.S.I: Sorry, I can see you're busy. It can wait.

Villetta: Rolo, no. He's one of us. He's on the same mission we are... Wait for orders.

Rolo: There's a chance he overheard us. Knowledge of Geass is restricted to just us two in the Tokyo section. We can't take the risk.

Villetta: But still, how many of our agents have you killed so far?

Rolo: It was the quickest and most certain method to keeping the secret, or am I wrong?



Kallen: It's been 3 days since the United States of Japan was established. I doubt Britannia's going to keep glaring at us indefinitely. There's even talk about ousting the council general back in the Chinese Federation's homeland. And yet, we still haven't received any instructions from Lelouch. What on earth is he doing? You really are Zero, aren't you? ...Of course!

Gao Hai: I can drag out the extradition negotiations with Britannians. I think I might be able to buy us up to a week.

C.C: I'll report that to Zero. As for the Chinese Federation government...

Kallen: C.C, I was just thinking. Wouldn't it've made more sense for you to play the bunny girl?

Gao Hai: Zero is a girl?

C.C: Correct.

Kallen: I'm not Zero.

C.C: Oh, you let on too soon. You have no sense of humor, do you?

Kallen: Don't play around with Zero.

C.C: We can see you.

Xingke: It's a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Kallen Kouzuki. You are the pilot of the Guren Mk-II, right?

Kallen: How did you...?

Xingke: I'm someone who takes in avid interest in you people.

The Black Knights: There's trouble. It's Ohgi and the other prisoners.

Guilford: Can you hear me Zero? Listen closely, I am Lord Gilbert G.P. Guilford, knight of her Royal Highness, Cornelia li Britannia. Beginning tomorrow at fifteen hundred hours, these two and fifty six special class-A felons, who are guilty of treason against the empire will all be executed for their crimes. Zero, if you value the lives of your people, then you will face me, one on one in an honorable duel. If you'll not...

Lelouch: Guilford, you've really gone and done it now.

Shirley: Lelu, are you in here all by yourself?

Lelouch: Yeah, Shirley don't you have swim club now?

Shirley: Yes, I do but you see I have to go shopping because I have to buy a birthday gift.

Lelouch: Whose birthday?

Shirley: Ms. Villetta, our counselor. They all agree I should buy it since I'm always the one who gets her mad. Problem is I'm incredibly impaired of picking out present. She seems to enjoy liquor I could buy her that, but I don't know a brand she likes.

Lelouch: Should I go with you?

Shirley: Huh?

Lelouch: I could help you select the present for her.

Shirley: Y-You would? Seriously?

Lelouch: Sure, you ready to go?

Shirley: Yeah.

Rivalz: Oh, right. Now I've got my scoop. Thank you guys.



C.C: Since you are unable to control your Geass, this is for your protection.

Lelouch: It only has to block optical data, so a normal color contact lens would work fine.

C.C: Don't try to prove for information. As you've already guessed, you're holding a special lens. Although, should your Geass grow stronger than what you have now...

Lelouch: We'll just have to end this game before that happens.



Rolo: Are you going out?

Lelouch: Yeah, I have to help pick out a gift. It's a present for Ms. Villetta's birthday.

Rolo: Her birthday!? I see. I guess birthdays are important, aren't they?

Lelouch: Well, I'd better be going.

Rolo: See you later.

Milly: Rolo.

Rolo: Oh, Miss President!

Milly: Rolo, you come along, too. It'll be fun to chat.

Lelouch: Hum, I've learned about wines but never tried any.

Shirley: I'd love there. How about this stuff?

Lelouch: Maybe those are too sweet. How about a Sopron.

Shirley: Could this be a date? If it's not, I'll make it one then.

Lelouch: Just as I planned, although I didn't think they bring Rolo, too. Typical of Milly.

Milly: What a great topic for a next meeting of the Society of Research on Male-Female dating.

Rolo: Am... right.

Rivalz: Yeah, but is it fair for him to follow his own brother?

Milly: You're as interested as we are, aren't you? She may end up being your family member.

Rivalz: She's right.

Rolo: Family...

O.S.I: Target is taking assumed route "Zebra".

Villetta: Roger. Switch off with group 7. Group two, watch for contact with C.C.

O.S.I: Yes, My Lord. Cleaning the perimeter.

Rolo: Can it be that he really isn't Zero?

Lelouch: They specifically set a trap at Babel Tower. Which means my enemy isn't the settlement's viceregal government. Well I can't tell for certain who's watching me. The system itself that they are using has flaws in it.

Villetta: If he is Zero, he won't ignore the execution of his people tomorrow. Maybe his memory truly hasn't returned.

Lelouch: Excuse me, how do I fill this part out?

Store staff: Pardon?

Lelouch: Sorry, but could you do me a favor, please?

Store staff: Sure, what can I do for you?

Lelouch: Well, it's like this.

Lelouch: I'm back. What were you looking at?

Shirley: Oh, hum...that. I was just wishing I could take a ride on that cable cars sometime.

Lelouch: It's my fault. My fault that Shirley's memories were wiped. Milly and Rivalz, too. Their memories rewritten without their consent. I just can't let things go the way they are. When this is all over, I swear. I'll...

Shirley: What's the matter?

Lelouch: The Prez and others are following us.

Shirley: What? Where?

Lelouch: Shirley, I thought of a terrific idea.

O.S.I: Target entering store, Alpha-14. It's a small shop. There's a risk I'll blow my cover if I follow.

Villetta: Cover the front of the place. I'll send three people to cover the rear.

Lelouch: OK. All I want you to do is pretend I'm in here for a while.

Shirley: What are you going to do?

Lelouch: I'm going to sneak out of the store and surprise the Prez and others.

Shirley: Sure. I gotcha.

Lelouch: I don't normally shop here. I hope they don't have any surveillance cameras or microphones. Shirley thinks this is only a harmless prank. Even on the off-chances that something goes wrong, I won't cause any trouble for her. I used my Geass to make the preparations. Now all I have to do.

Security guard: Hello, Omotesando Mall Security. May I help you? The Black Knights?

Lelouch: We have planted a bomb in the mall and we will detonate it if all our following demands are not met immediately.

Rolo: No, he can't be Zero.

Announcement: Paging Mr. Maximillian from the Hakodate settlement. Paging Mr. Maximillian from the Hakodate settlement. You have a phone call.

Store staff: That means a...

Store staff: A terrorist warning.

Store staff: It must be the Black Knights.

Store staff: Zero's been resurrected.

Store staff: Keep your voices down.

Store staff: The customers will hear.

Store staff: But...

O.S.I: A bomb threat has just been made to Omotesando mall, my lord.

Villetta: OK. Hold your positions. Prepare for contact from C.C.!

Lelouch: All tasks at hand have been cleared except for the detonator. 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1.

Man: It's the Black Knight.

Man: Terrorists?

O.S.I: What's happening? What the hell?

Rivalz: Rolo, what's going on?

Milly: Rolo, don't run off.

Shirley: Rolo?

Rolo: He's gone.

O.S.I: We've lost the target, my lord.

O.S.I: What should we do about the info that we got from Scorpion.

Villetta: Where's Rolo?

O.S.I: All cell phone call's are being jammed to maintain cynic order.

O.S.I: My lord, should we act on Scorpion's info or not?

Villetta: Very well. I'll go myself.

Lelouch: And that's just one easy way to cause panic.



Rolo: What's his location? No one's here. Where are they?

Lelouch: It seems they've gone looking for C.C.

Rolo: I see. You really have awakened.

Lelouch: I put the man who was following me under my absolute control and turned him into my slave. Just as I thought, your top priority was the capture of C.C. No matter how wrong the information is that you get. As of this moment, this gilded prison of a school will become my castle, my fortress of freedom. And as for you, dear brother, I'll make you my pawn to find Nunnally. What? Geass?! You stopped time?

Rolo: Lelouch, now you and your demonic eye will die.



The Black Knights: Zero! Emergency! The Chinese Federation just...

Xingke: Here and now you accursed Black Knights will be vanquished.
  