
Lelouch: The Knights of the Round have become members of the student council. And while I still haven't cleared that problem... What? What were you saying? That... Shirley and I were...

Sayoko: Yes. It's true. Shirley and you were kissing. Um, I wasn't wrong in doing that, was I? I was afraid she might discover this control room. So I thought that's what I should do in your character.

Lelouch: Bad call. You were mistaken there.

Rolo: Sayoko, I've told you already. You are acting too nice as a stand-in.

Lelouch: No, hold on. Beside from that she did good job.

Rolo: Lelouch, I know Sayoko used be in your service but...

Sayoko: Actually, to be precise, I was working for the Ashford family.

Rolo: I know that. You were in charge of caring for Nunnally, right?

Villetta: I guess the problems with the Knights of the Round will have to wait.

Sayoko: Master Lelouch, I have your schedule for tomorrow.

Lelouch: Tomorrow?

Rolo: Sayoko made promises to other people without considering all the consequences.

Sayoko: I was instructed to maintain his interpersonal relationships.

Lelouch: It can't be helped.

Rolo: Quite careless for a female ninja.

Sayoko: I am a secret service agent. A 37th master of the Shinozaki school...

Lelouch: Sayoko! What's with this schedule?

Sayoko: Allowing for three hours of sleep, you have date scheduled with 108 girls. 14 of them are waiting for cancellations. And they've been on the wait list for six months.

Shirley: Lelou just did it so suddenly. I wonder if I can say we're going steady. But I wasn't able to talk to him today. Prez, can I have a minute with you when we get back to our rooms? There's something I really like to talk to you about. Prez?

Milly: Huh? Oh, sorry, Shirley, I didn't hear you.

Shirley: No, it's okay. I just...

Student: I've got a date with Lelouch tomorrow.

Shirley: Huh?

Student: Oh, I had Giselle in class B said she go to the art gallery with him.

Student: Yeah, He's taking me out too to a movie!

Student: Me, too! Me, too! Me, too!

Shirley: Lelou...!

Sayoko: And that confirms your schedule for today. Since you have no classes pending I was able to fill all 24 hours. At 0800 you'll enjoy a homemade box lunch. At 0900 you'll visit the art gallery. At 1030 shopping. At 12 noon, you trip to the aquarium, and from there travel aboard the Shinkiro. Please go underwater until you're 400 kilometers from shore. You'll change clothes inside the cockpit and proceed to the Chinese Federation where you conclude trade treaty in Shanghai at 1500 hours. You are allotted 47 minutes to complete your business there. Then you'll return here to see a late movie at 2100 hours. At 24:02 you'll meet your next date for live show. And then...

Shirley: He's late!

Lelouch: Sorry, Shirley. I promise I'll make time later to explain all this to you.

Anya: You can start by explaining it to me.

Lelouch: Lady Anya.

Anya: There's something I want to ask.

Lelouch: Don't tell me I have a date with the Knight of the Round.

Anya: Same Lelouch?

Lelouch: That's a picture of me when I was still a prince back in the homeland. Of course, not. Remarkable rightness. But you know, I'm only a commoner...

Gino: Lelouch, old man!

Lelouch: What?

Gino: May I please go to your chess games with you? Only the underground ones where you bet.

Rivalz: When I told him how you gambled on your games he begged me to take him along.

Lelouch: Rivalz, I swear you're... Oh brother. They never quit, just give me a break already!

Student: He's running away!

Lelouch: Don't go ruining my reputation. I've got tickets for the late show in my room...

Rolo: Darn it, Sayoko. Lelouch is too frail for such a heavy schedule. And what's up with all these women. It's sort of like a medal prize.

Lelouch: Who did that? I said I wasn't running away. Shirley...

Shirley: So what lucky girl do you have date with this time? You not only gamble but you run around with other girls, too? Ah, you pathetic!

Lelouch: Wait a minute. It's just... I forgot. Here. This is for not explaining to you about it.

Shirley: Oh it's an apology? What? You think you can fix what you did by giving me some silly thing?

Lelouch: You've got it all wrong. I just wanted to apologize.

Shirley: An apology?

Lelouch: This is not good. I'm clearly doing something wrong and I don't know how to make it right. Damn it! If only C.C. was here to help me!

Milly: Attention everyone! I have decided on my graduation event! And I'm going to christen it Cupid Day!

Gino: That's well. But isn't it a bit early for graduation?

Milly: Well not for me. I'm repeating my senior year. I can graduate as soon as I earn enough course credit.

Gino: Oh, so that's how the education system works here.

Rivalz: Prez, are you really planning to graduate soon? Why not wait and do it with the rest of us.

Gino: Milly, my dear.

Rivalz: Madam president!

Gino: This Cupid Day of yours. What exactly is...?

Milly: You wanna know? On the appointed day, I'll have every student in this school wearing one of these hats. The boys will get this color. Then if you steal the hat of your target, put it on.

Anya: And then what?

Milly: By order of the student council president, me, those two will be proclaimed boyfriend and girlfriend!

Odysseus: Hmm, it's a bit rush isn't it? Declaring war on the Chinese Federation.

Schneizel: Hmm, is that what His Majesty said?

Bismarck: Yes, he told us to take all of it.

Carline: I agree! I say take out the Chinese Federation'd be good.

Guinevere: Those savages humiliated Odysseus. We can never forgive them for that.

Odysseus: Guinevere, I have no grudge for the incident that occurred with the empress. The war with the EU is ongoing. And area Eleven is on the path to peace. So I prefer settle this...

Carline: Oh as if we care about what Nunnally does there.

Odysseus: Carine, Nunnally is around your age. You should make an attempt to be friends with her.

Guinevere: This would be an easy matter to solve if Cornelia were present. Bismarck, have you heard anything?

Bismarck: I haven't. But she apparently hasn't contacted Lord Guilford, either.

Guinevere: Then who will lead our troops?

Schneizel: We can station two divisions along the Mongolian border.

Odysseus: Are you offering to take command, Prince Schneizel?

Schneizel: Battle is unnecessary. The Chinese Federation has fallen apart. We can gain half the territory by rattling sabers and through the negotiations. Will that play, Kt. emperor?

Charles: Hmm, is that what Schneizel said?

Bismarck: Yes, Your Majesty. Do you approve?

Charles: You, the Knight of One, the mightiest knight of the empire, ask me that?

Bismarck: Your Majesty, war is merely one method of diplomacy. However it is far away the least efficient of them.

Charles: Perhaps you're right. War has historically been an action favored by idiots.

Cornelia: I finally grabbed it. The tail of Geass... And now I drag it from the shadows. I'll wipe away the stain from Euphie's name at last!

Guilford: Princess, where are you now?

Gino: C'mon, Suzaku. It's Milly's graduation event!

Suzaku: It's like I said before. I really wanna go. But unlike you and Anya, I'm an aide to the viceroy. So I just can't. Meetings come first.

Gino: Geez, you really need to loosen up, my friend.

Lloyd: Say hi to my fiancee for me, will you?

Gino: What? You're serious about that?

Guilford: You should probably give her a call after we're done here. Now has a funny habit of not waiting around forever.

Suzaku: Wow. What a surprise! I never thought I'd hear you say something like that, Guilford.

Guilford: Your lank may have changed. But you did start out as Princess Euphemia's knight. As the knight of Princess Cornelia, I'd like you to see me as a source of advice that you'll ask for when needed.

Lloyd: Well, that's mature of you.　Anyway can we get to the main question at hand now? It's about the Guren which I've taken into my care.

Kallen: Took you long enough. So am I here for torture? Maybe execution? Do what you want with me.

Nunnally: I'll do nothing like that to you. It's been such a long time. Hello, Kallen.

Lelouch: At this rate it'll be impossible for me to smash the world and create a new one. It's Cupid Day. I'm going to end my relationship with all the girls at today's event.

Rolo: That'll leave you free and in the clear.

Lelouch: Fortunately we were able to get the teachers to participate in this, too. Villetta, you're going to steal my hat from me.

Villetta: But won't I just invite weird misunderstandings? I think Sayoko needs to take responsibility here...

Sayoko: Sorry but I can't help. I have to play stand-in during the event for Master Lelouch.

Rolo: And we've got to make sure that some strange girl doesn't get it.

Villetta: Have Shirley grab the hat.

Rolo: Yes, that's definitely an option to consider.

Villetta: That girl is completely head over heels for you. She did shoot me in order to protect you after all.

Lelouch: That's why I don't want her mixed up in this any further.

Milly: Yes, that's right, Suzaku. The roof top garden's finally finished. Suppose I can't keep avoiding the real world forever.

Suzaku: I'm sorry. I really hate missing your graduation event.

Milly: I understand. You have important work to do, right?

Suzaku: Umm, yeah.

Milly: Then my final act for you is to cast my special magic spell. Relax! You need to unwind from time to time.

Suzaku: Thanks a lot, prez. I appreciate it.

Milly: See ya! Now let's get this show on the road! Attention everyone. This is Milly Ashford speaking for the last time as student council president. My graduation event, Cupid Day, is about to begin. Oh, and before you start make sure you are at least two meters away from your target.

Shirley: Lelou, I don't care how hopeless you are. No, since you are utterly hopeless it's up to me to salvage you.

Rivalz: Prez, you don't really wanna be engaged, do you? Deep down you want me to steal you away, right?

Milly: You should all be familiar with the rules. If you capture your target's hat put it on. Then you have to be boyfriend and girlfriend. I won't question how you obtain that. You are allowed to use teams or tools as well. Now before we begin I'll just say one thing. Any club that brings me the hat of Lelouch Lamperouge in class 3-D gets their budget increase ten fold!

Lelouch: What?

Shirley: Lelou's hat?

Rivalz: Prez, why?

Lelouch: This is all horrible dream.

Milly: All right. Let's do it!

Shirley: Lelou, wait...

Rolo: Stopping this many people at once is incredibly hard work. Oops, sorry about that. Now, move.

Student: He's mine!

Shirley: He...vanished. Where'd he go?

Lelouch: I'm sorry about this.

Rolo: Forget it. We're good.

Bartley: Hold on. Should the theory be accurate then we're the worst criminals in all of history.

Researcher: Let's get out of here. We're through fine-tuning Jeremiah.

Bartley: We'll be abandoning our nation!

Cornelia: Freeze! My dear Bartley...

Bartley: That voice... Princess Cornelia?

Cornelia: Why are you here, Bartley?

Bartley: Thank heaven. You've come. Please save us! We were ordered to be here... by the emperor!

Cornelia: My father?

Bartley: The world is racing down the path toward destruction.

Gino: Follow me, ladies!

Student: Lord Gino!

Lelouch: I see. It appears that Gino did come to this school just to play around. Anya seems suspicious about my true identity but not enough to prove troublesome. The matter of Knights of the Round has been cleared. Now I have only to switch places with Sayoko and have her play along with the prez...

Miya: I did it! Now I get to be Lelouch's girlfriend!

Lelouch: Of course. Miya, right?

Miya: What's up, honeybunch?

Lelouch: Would you mind very much giving me that hat back?

Miya: Okay.

Lelouch: So where should we switch?

Lelouch: Here will do.

Lelouch: Very well then.

Miya: Now I'm more confused that usual. What am I doing here?

Milly: Huh? Lelouch is gone?

Student: Yeah, according to the gardening club.

Student: Rugby team here. Lelouch has been spotted at point KT-01.

Milly: Yes! Alert all Ashford academy club members. Surround Lelouch between the boy's dorms and the central courtyard!

Student: Sir! Yes sir!

Student: Rugby team's getting that budget bonus now!

Milly: GO!

Lelouch: Fare thee well!

Lelouch: Huh? Sayoko, what would you have me say? I'll come off as being kind of mental.

Lelouch: Sorry, it was involuntary.

Lelouch: Just be careful. And don't go to the rear gate. Villetta is standing by there.

Lelouch: Understood.

Milly: Lelouch is more physical than normal.

Sayoko: I would like to let you catch me, miss Milly, but at the moment...

Milly: Archery and equestrian clubs, from the side of the hall you can surround him!

Lelouch: Go on around the school buildings to gym #2. The science club will probably be positioned dead ahead.

Student: Fire!

Student: No way!

Student: Lelouch can't do stuff like that!

Rolo: If this keeps up, he won't need my help afterall.

Lelouch: Sayoko's overdoing it but that's how she operates. There's no point ordering her to stop. Oh well, she can take my place in phys ed from here on.

Student: Glamour squad, move in!

Student: After all, Lelouch is one [ predictable? ] male.

Student: Yeah, we'll get him off guard.

Lelouch: Using your bodies against me is useless!

Student: Oh, I'm sort of shocked.

Student: Where is Lelouch?

Student: Where'd he go?

Student: Nobody has caught him, you know?

Milly: Attention all students! If vice-president Lelouch is spotted commence simultaneous attack!

Shirley: Oh boy. President is full-scale play mode. Still, what's going on? I thought Lelou was completely hopeless but now [ find him as a super athlete? ] .

Student: Hey look! It's Shirley!

Student: We have to catch Lelouch.

Rivalz: Prez, if Lelouch is who you want then I, Rivalz Cardemonde, will give what you want, my best friend in the world. Wow, that can't be for real!

Anya: It is.

Suzaku: The Mordred's just been launched?

Soldier: The Black Knights then?

Soldier: Emergency dispatch from the government bureau. DEFCON 2! DEFCON 2! A riot has erupted in the school district.

Soldier: Knightpolice SWAT unit, prepare to move out!

Lelouch: I should have guessed that Anya doesn't possess a grain of common sense either. Take the operation into final phase. Sayoko, to the library.

Anya: Oh, there.

Shirley: Hmm, this is the spot where Lelou was acting strange. I wonder...

Sayoko: Shirley, why now of all times?

Anya: Heat sources, two places. But which one is Lelouch?

Lelouch: Watch out!

Anya: Twin Lelouches?

Villetta: Knight of Six, my lady. This is an operations area of the O.S.I. Please withdraw your Knighmare at once.

Anya: This is wrong?

Villetta: Yes, very wrong.

Anya: Wrong.

Shirley: Say, Lelou? Why did you kiss me before?

Lelouch: Well, um, because... I like you.

Shirley: That's a lie. I know you aren't serious.

Lelouch: Wrong! I mean, I just... a good question.

Shirley: So you wanna do more than just kiss? It's okay. Even if you are not serious.

Lelouch: You shouldn't speak that way.

Shirley: Welcome back Lelou. You haven't been yourself lately, you know? It's okay. I forgive you. In return, close your eyes for me. Hurry up.

Lelouch: Okay.

Shirley: You thought I was gonna give you a smooch.

Lelouch: Well, you know, I thought there was a possibility...

Shirley: Oh, you dirty boy.

Lelouch: No, it's just...

Shirley: Even so, I wanna try make you fall in love with me for real, someday. I told you. I said love is power.

Gino: I can see you guys still have a lot to learn around here, don't you? This is a school for commoners. Things like this take place all the time.

Student: Look at that.

Student: How disappointing. But I'm not surprised.

Milly: I guess that's the end of game.

Sayoko: But it might have meant a little more this time around.

Milly: Huh? Yeah, maybe it did. A bit.

Guilford: What in the world was all that uproar about?

Suzaku: Sorry, sir. It looks like it was the president's graduation event.

Villetta: It's unusual to say the least that he would change plans like that.

Anya: Changed plans?

Villetta: Ah, I meant she. Shirley's plan apparently worked out quite well.

Milly: Lelouch, looks like you finally understand.

Shirley: You mean you did this for us?

Milly: 'cause you two really wear out my patients. Don't ever hesitate or student's day are coming to an end.

Rivalz: Prez, are you really graduating?

Shirley: Hey, prez!

Milly: What is it?

Shirley: Thank you for everything you've done here at school.

Student: The last three years were so much fun!

Student: You are the best president ever!

Student: Thank you.

Suzaku: Madam president. Congratulations on graduating from Ashford.

Milly: And with that this girl is no longer avoiding the real world!

Milly: Hello everyone, how are you? My name is Milly Ashford. Beginning today, I'll be your go to girl for weather information here on the weather corner.

Rivalz: From student council president to a weather reporter.

Rolo: How's she qualified?

Lelouch: I heard she chose a talent agency while still in school.

Anya: She's from nobility.

Rivalz: She said she never likes doing anything half way, so...

Rolo: Then why did she call off her engagement?

Rolo: Did she have to?

Gino: Lloyd must be in a state of shock.

Lloyd: Just what I'd expect for my former fiancee.

Suzaku: Lloyd doesn't seem upset about it.

Soldier: It's all bravado.

Soldier: Now all the man never wanted to get married in the first place.

Milly: You see, Nina? I'm trying to face who I really am.

Shirley: Yeah, I saw her on TV. Typical prez, huh? So what do you think we ought to do with the roof top garden? Right. Well then, I'll bring back some herb seedlings from the store. Would you talk to the gardening club, Lelou? Okay, see you later.

V.V.: This is the eighth area, correct?

Jeremiah: Yes. But the people who are affected by the Geass power have been deployed as secret police, haven't they?

V.V.: We don't know so we're cleaning up the situation. You've been given a Geass canceler, which can destroy all types of Geass power. Therefore...

Jeremiah: Yes, I understand. We don't know who's under the influence of the Geass. However once I've done with the Ashford academy I'll take care of all business with Lelouch.

Shirley: I'm remembering now. I remember Zero. The one who killed my father, is Lelouch.
  