
Nunnally: Is that you, Lelouch? It's me, Nunnally.

Suzaku: If your memory hasn't returned, you won't know who she is. Go on Lelouch. Let's hear your answer.

Lelouch: Suzaku, you've got me trapped.

Nunnally: Um, this is my brother, isn't it?

Lelouch: I can't do this. I can't lie to Nunnally. I...I...!!! Rolo? Good work. Keep him like that.

Rolo: You have to hurry. Don't forget the time limit.

Lelouch: I know. Nunnally, listen to me.

Nunnally: Lelouch, it is you.

Lelouch: For right now, we have to act like we're strangers. It's necessary. Just follow my lead. I'm going to come for you. I swear it. So until then... until then... I love you, Nunnally! You're confusing me with someone else. That's right. I'm just a student at the school here.

Suzaku: Lelouch, your memory really hasn't come back?

Lelouch: Yes, I beg your pardon.

Nunnally: Forgive me. When I heard you are a good friend of Suzaku's, I guess I just jumped to conclusions. It's just...I...

Lelouch: No, please, it's an honor for me to speak with a royal princess.

Nunnally: Um... could you please put Suzaku back on?

Lelouch: Yes, Your Highness.

Suzaku: Forgive me Nunnally. I didn't mean to cause a misunderstanding.

Nunnally: No, it's all right. He just seemed so similar that it surprised me. Well...um...I'll see you when I get to Area 11.



Guilford: Don't underestimate the threat. He may be at a disadvantage but we are still dealing with Zero. You could be sure he has some plan underway.

Upson: Such a cowardly response, when they call you the Spearhead of the Empire. Fortunately Viceroy Nunnally has me to protect her, your services won't be needed.

Guilford: But General, Zero...

Upson: Dead Lord Guilford. Zero was killed last year. The Zero we face now is just using his name. Princess Cornelia would regret seeing your contemptible fear for this cheap impostor.

Lloyd: Speaking of regret.

Upson: Earl Asplund.

Lloyd: Sorry we're late. Adjusting Lancelot took longer than we thought it would.

Guilford: It's been quite a while, Earl Asplund.

Lloyd: That's because I'm working directly under little Charlie now.

Upson: Are you referring to His Majesty...

Cecile: Please forgive him sir. Lloyd, please!

Lloyd: Hum, Did I say something wrong?

Guilford: I see that you haven't changed. As for the item we discussed.

Cecile: Yes, it comes to us via Prince Schneizel.

Lloyd: It's rather nice having the Second Prince to call on?

Guilford: You have my thanks.

Upson: Unbelievable. This prodigal aristocrat is serving as Lord Kururugi's guardian. He'd better not interfere with efforts to educate the new viceroy.

Nunnally: Did Suzaku lie to me? But...my own brother. I don't understand. Has something happened between them?



TV: The new viceroy is set to arrive at Area 11 tomorrow to take over post.

TV: The name and background of the new viceroy still has not been released to the public.

TV: The big question is the Chinese Federation Consulate, right?

TV: You mean regarding Zero?

TV: As there has been no formal announcement, some thinks chief consul Gao Hai may be acting on his own. The consul general's standing will depend upon the balance of power.



High Eunuch: What about the standoff in Area 11?

Kaguya: Oh, I'm afraid I don't know the details.

Tenzi: Can you tell me anything about the outside world? I've never gone beyond the walls of this palace.

High Eunuch: That's because this Forbidden City in the Luo Yang capital is the very center of the world, Empress.

Tenzi: But..

Kaguya: I'm going to go outside and see what's happening.

Tenzi: Huh?

Kaguya: The truth is, I came today to say goodbye to you.

Tenzi: Oh no, not now, when I finally made a real friend.

Kaguya: I'm very sorry. But you know my husband is waiting for me.



C.C: The supplies were successfully received in Niigata.

Lelouch: I see.

C.C: However there's no way to get them into the consulate now.

Lelouch: As expected.

C.C: Nunnally is going to be the new viceroy. Will you be able to fight her? Your sister?

Lelouch: Fights? Nunnally? Is that some kind of joke?

C.C: Then you're just going to leave her alone?

Lelouch: Out of the question. If nothing's done, Nunnally will be used as a political tool, just like she was before.

C.C: A girl who can't walk and can't see. Do they plan to use her as a pawn and throw her away?

Lelouch: I'm doing all this to keep that from happening. That's why I formed the Black Knights. I became Zero for Nunnally's sake.

C.C: I'm well aware that your sister is your entire reason for living. However...

Lelouch: I am going to create a world where Nunnally can live happily. To do that I will obliterate Britannia! You mentioned V.V. Is he in the Britannian homeland?

C.C: I don't know that much about him. However I know that he is your father's first ally. Emperor Charles of Britannia's chief confederate.

Lelouch: Confederate?

C.C: Long ago. They made a pact.

Charles: I shall slay the god.

V.V: Yes, that is our binding contract. Tell me Charles, why didn't you tell Nunnally about Zero's true identify and about Geass.

Charles: It wasn't necessary for her to know.

V.V: You know Charles, you really are still a child.

Charles: Perhaps I am, big brother.



Upson: Where is Viceroy Nunnally?

Britannian Army: She's in the garden. Even if she came to the bridge...

Upson: I guess there'd be no point.

Suzaku: The Black Knights? They're not here?

Xingke: Right. We only just confirmed it ourselves. I'll give you all the information I have. That way, it should be crystal clear that my country has no hostile intentions toward Britannia.

Suzaku: Did Zero go with them?

Xingke: It appears so. They took their Knightmares with them and they vanished. We are guessing they left through an underground level.

Suzaku: To where?

Xingke: No idea. That's all I have.

Suzaku: They wouldn't..! Attack Nunnally?!

Gino: We've been had.

Anya: Should we strike back?

Upson: The Black Knights?!

Lelouch: The objective of this operation is the capture of the new viceroy. No matter what happens, she absolutely must not be harmed. Keep her safe. Is that clear?

The Black Knights: Roger.

Minami: Tamaki, what are you doing?

Britannian Army: Amateurs! Bringing land based units for aerial mission.

Upson: Surface flares will have no effect on our defense. Surround them and attack now!

Ohgi: All right, General Tohdoh, the rest is up to you.

Tohdoh: Right. Good luck Deputy-Commander.

Upson: Impossible. They're landing on top of us?

Britannian Army: Two more enemy Knightmares are landed on our main wing.

Britannian Army: They're on our escorts as well. Send our aerial forces to...

Lelouch: You took the bait, commander. I figured you concentrate your air power on the smoke. The obvious response.

Asahina: Now we can focus on the flag ship.

Ohgi: All right. We're withdrawing.

Upson: Deploy the remaining airships and the escort ships fire as well!

Britannian Army: But sir, the enemy is targeting our float units. We can't shoot back because our shields are up.

Upson: Then how can we defend this ship. If I'd known this was possible I'd have brought Lord Guilford along! It'll take an hour for reinforcements to reach us from the Tokyo Settlement.

Britannian Army: What if a Knightmare makes it inside?

Britannian Army: Then we crash. Our job now is to help the survivors...

Britannian Army: What...is that?

Lelouch: Die!

Britannian Army: Yeah.

Britannian Army: Understood.

Lelouch: Nunnally. I'm coming to save you.

Asahina: Now, Samurai Leap over floating boats attack. You can put your shields up, but once we get inside, you're finished. Looks like they're running out of air strength, too.

Senba: You'll end up a skinned rabbit. Don't get cocky.

Asahina: Right, right. I'll stick to basics but...

Chiba: Reinforcements from Tokyo? So soon?

Tohdoh: No. It looks like their rear guard. And they have float units.

Kallen: Knightmares! It can't be. That machine is...

Guilford: Now let's bring down the curtain.

Cecile: Output on all unit is normal.

Lloyd: Isn't mass-production nice?

Cecile: Well, I'm not so sure about this. Did Prince Schneizel really approve the budget?

Lloyd: If he didn't, he'll notice it pretty soon.

Cecile: What? You didn't tell him what you were doing?

Kallen: I don't need to fly for this.

Guilford: You have the right instincts. But the wrong Knightmare!

Sugiyama: Sorry, I'm out.

Upson: Damn Guilford, acting without orders.

Britannian Army: But he saved us, my lord.

Upson: Yes and he'll take all of the credit for it.

Lelouch: All tasks at hand have been cleared. And now the tide of battle shall turn. N-Nunnally...

Britannian Army: Look. Zero's inside!

Britannian Army: What are those guards doing?

Britannian Army: Viceroy Nunnally, It's Zero.

Britannian Army: I'm informing General Upson now...

Britannian Army: Their reunion is starting. It must not be disturbed.



Lelouch: Nunnally... we're together again. At last...

Nunnally: You're Zero, aren't you? The terrorist. Have you come to kill me as well? Like you killed my brother Clovis and my sister Euphie? Even so, will you wait just a moment please? I think that what you're doing is wrong.



David: It's a Harken.

Tohdoh: Hit him now, Kouzuki!

Kallen: Right!

Gino: Okay. It's discipline time.

Asahina: What a weird looking fighter plane. Even so... A Knightmare! I'm finished. Sorry...

Britannian Army: That leaves just four enemy units.

Upson: The Knights of the Round as well. I'll never bear this disgrace. Now what?

Britannian Army: Starboard escort ship has [/ 's] lost control.

Gino: What?!

Britannian Army: It's on a collision course.

Britannian Army: Turn the ship!

Britannian Army: We'll never make it! We are going to crash!

Gino: The Mordred always handle things in its own unique way. Anya, don't do that again, okay? We don't wanna kill the viceroy now, do we?

Anya: But I saved her.

Suzaku: Lloyd, how's the Lancelot?

Lloyd: Ready and waiting for you. Come and get it.

Britannian Army: General! What are you doing in a gun turret.

Upson: At this rate I'm gonna be demoted. I have to do something to prove myself. I'll kill the Black Knights!

Tohdoh: You fool! You shot your own engines.



Nunnally: Right now, Zero is standing in front of me. Lelouch, give me the courage I need.

Lelouch: It's Britannia that is wrong. The Emperor believes that might is always right. Do you approve of that?

Nunnally: Well...

Lelouch: Viceroy Nunnally, you're just being used.

Nunnally: You're saying they sent a blind, crippled girl to win everyone's sympathy? Then you're wrong. I asked them to send me. That's why I'm here.



Senba: Where is Zero?

Tohdoh: We can't contact him because of the E.C.C.M. effects. I wanna rendezvous with Chiba and Kouzuki and scout inside the ship.

Senba: But the ship's going to crash. Do you think we have time for that?

Tohdoh: Senba!

Gino: I don't like picking on those who are weaker than me but...

Senba: Never thought a place like this.

Tohdoh: Senba!

Guilford: Using land units for an aerial attack. That's not your kind of tactic, Tohdoh.



Lelouch: You requested it?

Nunnally: I think with a peaceful approach, I can make the world a gentler place. That's why I want to carry out Euphie's plan to create the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan.

Lelouch: You'd have that return?

Nunnally: Zero, won't you please try to help me rebuild it? People can start over. Please.



Suzaku: Zero's coming to steal Nunnally away. But there's been no word from the Office of Secret Intelligence. So am I fighting Zero? Or Lelouch?

Cecile: Sir Kururugi, I'm confirming the data now. The number two float unit on Viceroy Nunnally's flag ship has shut down. And number three and four float unit are interlinked so a Case Theta has occurred.

Lloyd: To sum that up, we'll all be swimming in the ocean soon. Except for General Upson who regrettably didn't make it.

Suzaku: Right now rescuing the viceroy has top priority.

Cecile: Initiating search for her wheelchair beacon. Starting E.C.M. signal noise cleanup. Phase preset. Sending the layout of the ship's interior.

Suzaku: Confirming data link.

Cecile: Complete.

Suzaku: Transmit the viceroy's location as soon as it's known.

Cecile: Channel M.B., roger. Lancelot Conquista, now launch!

Suzaku: Launching! Kallen, I have to save Nunnally. Nothing else matters now. I won't ask for your forgiveness anymore.

Chiba: Kouzuki, hide! Get inside of the ship.

Kallen: I can't. Not until everyone's gotten away. What the hell!

Chiba: Kouzuki! Hold your eject lever, Kouzuki!

Kallen: No use. It isn't working!

Chiba: Defective equipment at a time like this.

Anya: Tag. You're dead.

Kallen: I'm falling. Forgive me, Guren...Mother...Naoto...

Rakshata: What a perfect position.

Kallen: What..? Rakshata?

Rakshata: Sorry to keep you waiting. I have the new Black Knights glide wing pack for you. You did review the manual I sent.

Kallen: Uh, sure. I'm good to go.

Rakshata: All right. Let's try it out then.

Kaguya: We'll give you the basic guidance from here. Please rescue Master Zero.

Kallen: Uh, right.

The Black Knights: Opening number three launch chamber.

The Black Knights: Connection signal with Guren Mk-II, confirmed.

Rakshata: Take to the skies, my soaring glide wings.

Kallen: Rotate!

The Black Knights: Guidance signal, confirmed.

The Black Knights: Contact angle, aligned.

Rakshata: Link up.

Kallen: Linking up. Fly!

Rakshata: Armor-piercing arterially right arm unit.

The Black Knights: Right arm unit, decelerating for link-up. Transmission neurons, 0.5 to 0.8 M.M.P. No obstacles, detected. Elastic muscles, one through five, are operating normally. Activation of shock control, confirmed. Linking up.

C.C: Kallen, please.

Kallen: No matter how many enemies are coming.

Guilford: Our unit will go after Tohdoh.

Gino: Right, and we'll protect the viceroy. Huh? In the sky? The Black Knights have a float system, too?

Tohdoh: Kouzuki, save Zero.

Kallen: I'm on it, sir!

Guilford: Oh, you gained wings and shields, huh? So what..?

Kallen: If this Guren doesn't work perfectly, then I'm finished.

Kaguya: Well, we don't have much choice, try shooting it.

Kallen: You've got a point there!

Guilford: From long range!

Kallen: I can do it! With this Guren Flight-Enabled Version!

Lloyd: Nice one.

Gino: Suzaku, get to the viceroy.

Suzaku: Don't let your guard down. That's the pilot who defeated Lord Jeremire.

Gino: The one who beat orange boy?

Kallen: C'mon.

Gino: Well look at that! As good as the Knights of the Round?

Anya: We'll see. Right now.

Kallen: Don't underestimate the Guren!

Anya: Dirty shoes.

Kallen: I'll take care of you guys later!

Cecile: It can fire wide-range, too?

Lloyd: What's its total energy?

Cecile: The same amount, but scattered. With the internal damage it caused, those units won't be able to function for a while.

Anya: So what's with that Knighmare.

Gino: Ah-ah. It's all the pilot. I shouldn't have held back on my attack.

Suzaku: Kallen, why would you come back under these conditions? Is it... that Zero's on the ship already?

Kallen: Move it!

Rakshata: Have a taste of the Gefjun net.

Suzaku: We have a countermeasure for this.

Kallen: You're still stuck where you are!

Suzaku: No way. It can't be more powerful than an advanced Yggdrasil Drive.

Cecile: Suzaku, we've located the viceroy. She's in the garden space to the rear of the main bridge. But hurry! Now there's only 47 seconds till the ship crashes!

Suzaku: I promise, I'll save her! Damn!

C.C: Kallen, forget about Suzaku.

Kaguya: Save Master Zero!

Kallen: I understand. But where?

Suzaku: There's no time left. I'll have to use the Core Luminous Cone. Go.



Lelouch: What do I do? I can't reveal Zero's identity to her. But I can't take her by force either. I can see now that would traumatize her. Suzaku! Escape with me!

Suzaku: Nunnally!

Nunnally: Suzaku!

Lelouch: No, not after he sold me out to the Emperor!

Nunnally: Suzaku, come here!

Suzaku: Were you frightened? Forgive me. It's all right now.

Lelouch: Nunnally... With Suzaku..!

Suzaku: Zero, not this time.

Lelouch: Nunnally!
  