
  Imperial Calendar 2018, as the Holy Britannian Empire continues its drive to dominate the world, a lone rebel was resurrected.His name is Zero.A mysterious girl named C.C. has given him the power of Geass, the absolute power to compel anyone to obey him.Now, Zero was again challenging the Britannian conquerors of Japan.The once-proud nation now referred to only as Area 11.As his actions spread like a ripple through the world, how would they effect the people of this age?For the moment, no one knows.



Britannian Army: What about the O.S.I. Forces that broke in first?

Britannian Army: No contact with them yet.

Britannian Army: The chaff density should be dropping now. Recon section 4!

Britannian Army: The terrorists remain in battle inside of Babel Tower. They're believed to be members of the Black Knights. We've confirmed the presence of enemy Knightmare Frames. 

Britannian Army: All right. Special Weapons Britannian 7 will break in from below!

Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord.

The Black Knights: This is hopeless. Let's run for it.

Kallen: Just hold out a little bit longer. Wait until Zero can get the layout of the building. We'll back you up but you got to stand firm! Lelouch...



Lelouch: It's true. I am Zero.

Kallen: Ah...Zero!

Suzaku: It's Lelouch! It's the man who's used the Japanese people, who's used you! You wanna defend a man like that, you? Zero...this is the end of you.



Lelouch: I was defeated by the old me, by Suzaku and by my biggest enemy. He dragged me before the Britannian Emperor.



Charles: The former 17th heir to the Imperial throne, Lelouch Vi Britannia. It's been a long time, hasn't it...my errant son?

Lelouch: How dare you!

Suzaku: You won't use your Geass. Your Majesty, I have a request. Please sire, allow me to join the Knights of the Round, the twelve strongest knights of the Britannian Empire.

Charles: As a reward for capturing Zero, is that it?

Lelouch: You...

Suzaku: I told you before, Lelouch, that I was going to change this world from inside.

Lelouch: Even if it means selling out your friends?!

Suzaku: That's right.

Charles: Very well. I like the answer you just gave him. Now then, as a Knight of the Round, I order you...cover up Zero's left eye. 

Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty.

Charles: My unworthy son who raise the battle of rebellion although he was a prince. Still, there's another way we can make use of you.

Lelouch: What?

Charles: I will rewrite your memory about being Zero, about the death of your mother, about the very existence of Nunnally.

Lelouch: No...Geass!

Charles: You'll remember none of it. You'll just be insignificant.

Lelouch: No, stop! You're stealing what is most precious to me again?! First, my mother and now you're taking Nunnally!

Charles: Charles zi Britannia engraves into you...

Lelouch: Stop it!

Charles: ...false memories of a false life!



Lelouch: C.C....

C.C: Don't even think it. I'm not the one who gave him his Geass.

Lelouch: Where is Nunnally now?

C.C: We tried to find your sister... But with the Black Knights all but destroyed. That's why...

Lelouch: What about Sayoko?

C.C: She and Diethard escaped to the Chinese Federation. She still doesn't know Zero's true identity. And she didn't know Nunnally's real importance, so she can't be blamed.

Lelouch: I'll find the one who gave the Emperor his Geass and then get Nunnally. I had a younger sister, but not a younger brother! So who is he?

Rolo: Thank goodness. You're Britannian soldiers, right? I'm looking for my big brother.

Lelouch: This has the layout of the building and detail, but the ID code I need isn't here. So we can't commandeer this Knightmare, can we?

Britannian Army: What are you doing there? That's a student's uniform, isn't it?

Lelouch: Oh, you're a soldier. Thank goodness. We need to help this man at once.

Britannian Army: Office of Secret Intelligence... What are the Emperor's personal agents doing here?

Lelouch: Good. His reports are accurate. Calares's forces don't know about me. So I can use the data in this journal.

Britannian Army: There's only one survivor?

Lelouch: Yes, just you.

Britannian Army: What?

Lelouch: That's right. Now, give me your Knightmare.

Britannian Army: I understand. The ID code is QR5-YK1D6.

Lelouch: Thank you.

C.C: Even though you need direct eye contact, are those theatrics necessary?

Lelouch: I don't need comments from an immortal witch.



Calares: The terrorists are staging a counterattack?

Guilford: Yes, it seems that they've managed to capture some of our Knightmares.

Calares: That's disgraceful.

Guilford: Still, their numbers are small. If I could possibly join the battle.

Calares: No, you're still a guest here and under our protection. As Viceroy, it's my place to go out there.

Guilford: But...

Calares: I don't like the spices in Chinese food. However, I might enjoy it.

Guilford: Huh...

Calares: A man hunt.



Kallen: Let me see you burst, Britannian!

Lelouch: Well done, Q1. Now, head up to level 21. P4, block the stairway. R5, left, 30 degrees. N1, fire barrage 50 meters ahead angle toward the ceiling.

Britannian Army: Contact lost with Lord Emilio.

Britannian Army: Change I.F.F. codes!

Britannian Army: We have. Five times already!

Britannian Army: Ortiz unit, wiped out.

Britannian Army: Outrageous.

Britannian Army: Who's directing these terrorists?!

Calares: What are you doing?

Britannian Army: Viceroy...

Urabe: So, Zero really is just a student, huh? Well, he is something special!

The Black Knights: Zero supplied more stolen Sutherlands for us to use. Get on them fast!

The Black Knights: With Zero here, we can win!

The Black Knights: He'll make a miracle for us. He will!

Britannian Army: Damn terrorists!

Lelouch: Shouldn't Viceroy Calares be making his appearance soon?

Kallen: It's going well.

Lelouch: Kallen, I sent you to level 21.

Kallen: I wanted to be here by your side. We're finally alone...just you and me...



Charles: It would seem that somebody is nibbling at the bait we left in Area 11.

Suzaku: Is it C.C., Majesty?

Charles: We do not know that. Kururugi, even among Knights of the Round, you are the first one ever allowed to enter this place. Even Schneizel and the others aren't aware of it.

Suzaku: I'm honored, Your Majesty. But...why me?

Charles: Because you are the only one of the Knights of the Round who knows....about Zero's identity and Geass.

Suzaku: This place...is it a shrine?

Charles: No, it's not. This is...this is a weapon for destroying God.

Suzaku: A weapon?

Charles: It is called the sword of Akasha.



Lelouch: You who abandoned Zero at Kamine Island. What do you wanna tell me?

Kallen: Lelouch, you were deceiving me right from the very beginning.

Lelouch: About Zero being your classmate or about my Geass power? Which one has offended you.

Kallen: Both of them... Tell me this. Did you use your Geass on me like you did the others? Did you twist my mind and my heart and make me follow you?

Lelouch: Hahaha.

Kallen: Lelouch!

Lelouch: Your mind and your heart are yours alone as well as your loyalty and admiration for Zero.

Kallen: Don't move!

Lelouch: Kallen, you should be proud of what you did. You decided. You made the choice. You chose...Zero. You don't believe me?

Kallen: I wanted to believe...so much that I become a slave.

Lelouch: I see.

Kallen: But, the one that I believe in is Zero, just him. It's not you, Lelouch!

Lelouch: Well fine with me. By the way, are you ever going to change out of those clothes?

Kallen: Don't look at me, you pervert!

Lelouch: Oh, is that the way you talk to Zero now?

Kallen: I'm saying it to you, Lelouch!

Lelouch: Very well then. ...Go ahead.

C.C: Britannian reinforcements are here.



The Black Knights: There's zillions of them.

The Black Knights: What'll we do?!

The Black Knights: We can't beat this many. There's no chance!

Shirley: What's happening over there?

Calares: Special Weapon Britannian 4 has begun to drop. Show the Chinese Federation, show them our emperor's might, the overwhelming power of our Holy Britannian Empire!

Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord.

Kallen: They're coming in from above, too.

Lelouch: That's right. Viceroy Calares must have arrived. the escape would be difficult. That's why...I'm going to win.



Britannian Army: Assault Team 2 now has control up to floor J.

Britannian Army: That leaves only one escape route the Black knights can use.

Calares: And our main fighting force is right there waiting for them.

Britannian Army: Yes, sir. We just need to drive them out.

Calares: Set up our broadcast link quickly. We'll make extermination of these terrorists a media event.

Lelouch: The Britannians must feel certain of their victory. That clears all tasks at hand. All that's left is your level, right?

C.C: We'll be finished in ten minutes.

Lelouch: Understood. We'll make a stand here to buy you time.

C.C: What about Diethard's set up?

Lelouch: The system is still running. Everything is going according to plan.

The Black Knights: This is B2. A single enemy Knightmare is....Agh!

Lelouch: What's wrong.

The Black Knights: What's that...It was just there...

Lelouch: B2? What's going on? An enemy deactivating his IFF? Operating on his own?

The Black Knights: Zero, this is P6. The enemy is...it's...Agh!

Lelouch: P6!

The Black Knights: This is R5. They destroyed R1!

Lelouch: This isn't good. And he's headed right for me.

Urabe: Zero, at the very least. You have to get out of here. We can move in and act as decoys. Sacrificial pawns for the plan...so please.

Lelouch: That's wrong. You're mistaken, Urabe. If you consider yourselves disposable, you'll never beat the Britannians.

The Black Knights: Captain Urabe.

Urabe: Can you get there?

The Black Knights: Yeah, the cargo loading dock, right?

The Black Knights: Yes, it's a shortcut to this level.

The Black Knights: Confirm.

The Black Knights: Yes, I see. This looks like a mass-production prototype based on the Lancelot.

Lelouch: I see. Still this is not the time to try capturing. Destroy it.

The Black Knights: Understood. It vanished?

Lelouch: Ah?

The Black Knights: How'd it get over here?!

Lelouch: Hold on. Are you saying the Knightmare disappeared?



Lelouch: C.C! Aren't you finished preparing the level yet?!

C.C: Why are you panicking? You have Kallen and Urabe with you.

Lelouch: That's it, the aberration! You're out of your league. You aren't Suzaku. And your maneuvers are no match for real strategy.

Kallen: We've got the advantage in close-range combat!

Urabe: Too slow!

Kallen: It vanished just like that...

Urabe: Fast as a god.

Lelouch: That can't be. It's not physically possible. It must be something else. It's closing in!

Lelouch: Urabe!

Kallen: Oh, No!

Urabe: Zero, I don't care if you're really a student or what your background is. And I know you meant it when you said we're not expendable. I knew that every fighter we've got counts. Kouzuki!

Kallen: Ye...Yes.

Urabe: Protect Zero. He's our last hope. And a hope is what our people need. Forgive me, Rakshata... Zero, save Japan! Help our people to lift their heads again and fight! The Four Holy Swords have proven our worth...

Lelouch: Urabe... Damn, use that teleportation again. No, wait!

Kallen: I have to make my move now. This one's for Zero.

C.C: I have more bad news for you. We are all finished here.

Lelouch: Then it is done. Urabe...your sacrifice wasn't in vain. Hope begins now!

Calares: Damn, terrorists! A suicide attack! Uncivilized monkeys!

Britannian Army: All units lost. Contact lost...with all units!
Britannian Army: Wh-What the...?!
Britannian Army: 
Britannian Army: Acending from intercept to 1500 and circling

Kallen: That's it. The tower will smash the enemies above us and crush them as it falls!

Lelouch: Not just that.

Calares: No, it can't be!

Lelouch: Your mistake was sealing off your escape route. And signaling your location like that made you so easy to target. HAHAHA. Good bye, Viceroy Calares...



Britannian Army: The Viceroy has been killed?

Britannian Army: Where's Lord Cornwell?

Britannian Army: He was with the Viceroy.

Britannian Army: Then, who's next in the chain of command?

Britannian Army: The minister of internal affairs.

Britannian Army: A civil servant in charge now?!

Guilford: This is no time to panic. I am taking command. This is not a grab for political power. It's a temporary measure. I swear it in the name of my princess. I ask for your cooperation.

Britannian Army: The princess?

Britannian Army: Does he mean Princess Cornelia?

Britannian Army: In that case...

Britannian Army: ...right.

Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord.

Guilford: Thank you. I am grateful to you. Now then, I'll go to the scene to direct emergency rescue operations. Alfred, you contact the police. Bart, you remain here...

Alfred: What's that?

Guilford: What's wrong?

Lelouch: I am Zero!



Citizen: Isn't that Zero?

Citizen: No...

Citizen: I thought he was dead.

Citizen: How could this happen?

Citizen: It can't be the real Zero, can it?

Lelouch: People of Japan. I have returned!

Media representatives: Kill the video!

Media representatives: I can't! It won't take my access code!

Diethard: That's it! The Ω(omega) line that I set up! And the only one who knows about it ...is Zero! Yes, I knew you're still alive!

Lelouch: Hear me, Britannia! All you who have power, heed my words carefully. I am burdened by sorrow. War and discrimination. Malicious deeds carried out by the strong. The same abhorrent interplay of tragedy and comedy. The world has not changed. The people still suffer. That is why the resurrection of Zero was necessary. So long as the strong oppress the weak, my rebellion will continue to grow! It begins today with the divine punishment I have brought upon the inept and foolish Viceroy Calares.



Gino: Men of men, the Eleven's rebel leader sure popped back with a vengeance, right Suzaku?

Britannian Army: Got it. The signal's coming from the Chinese Federation consulate.

Claudio: Chinese Federation?

Alfred: Has he defected?

Guilford: They broke through our encirclement. Of course! They've stayed inside the fallen building. They've made Babel Tower itself their pathway. But, what about the Chinese Federation? Did they plan this out with them beforehand? Is that possible?

Gino: Come on, Zero is dead, isn't he?

Suzaku: Yes.

Gino: So this guy is a fake? And whoever he is, if we'd just go over there and storm the consulate...

Suzaku: ...then we'd be breaking our treaty with them, risking an international incident.

Gino: He's saying that he's Zero, and Zero killed our royals. That give this equal status with the EU war.

Anya: It's a slippery slope either way.



Kallen: Killing the viceroy and securing our escape route, he was able to do both at the same time.

Xingke: Such cunning audacity is impressive...

Guilford: It's Zero. The real one!

Lelouch: I shall fight against all those who abuse their power. Therefore once again, here and now, I declare the establishment of the United States of Japan!

Xingke: Are you certain about this? We still haven't received direct orders from the empress.

High Eunuch: Are you dissatisfied with my decision?

Xingke: No...never mind...

High Eunuch: Zero, you've actually founded the United States of...

Suzaku: ...Japan.

Villetta: Terrorists forming a nation?

Lelouch: Starting from this moment, this room shall be the first dominion of the USJ.

Rakshata: A nation consisting of just one room. That man is amusing as ever.

Lelouch: Race, ideology and religion will not matter. Being a citizen will have but one requirement, to do that which is just!

Xingke: I trust you understand the consequences if you force your way in.

Britannian Army: All right. We'll settle this in diplomatic chambers later.

Xingke: Zero... how useful will he prove to us in the end. If you're Britannian, you have already been asked to leave. Or are you one of Zero's followers?

Rolo: I'm not sure. Which am I?

Xingke: I'm not terribly fond of riddles.

Rolo: Yes. I'm exactly the same way myself. What I wanna know is the truth. That's why I came here to kill Zero...
  