
Student: Madam president, is she all right?

Student: I don't get this Chinese Federation thing.

Lelouch: She said that she's sorry but she can't buy us any souvenirs.

Rivalz: She's joking about it?

Shirley: Thank goodness.

Lelouch: We should make an announcement so everyone knows she's okay.

Shirley: Thank you, Lelou.

Lelouch: You're welcome, Shirley.

Rolo: Lelouch, got a minute?

Student: Attention all students. This is an emergency update. We have confirmation that Milly, our student council president is all right! She's apparently escaped from the scene of the coup d'etat in the Chinese Federation under the protection of Knight of Seven, Sir Suzaku Kururugi.

Rolo: Aren't you getting a little carried away with all this?

Lelouch: Oh, does it seem that way to you? I'm very sorry, Rolo.

Rolo: You're acting way too nice to everyone.

Lelouch: But I'm supposed to keep his relationships harmonious. Those were Zero's exact orders.

Rolo: Yes. And of course you're to follow his orders. But you're not to exceed your role as his stand-in. Remember he's very self observed.

Lelouch: Yes, I see your point. Afterall, I'm a woman who serve both Lelouch and Zero.

Villetta: Sayoko, Zero is in danger right now.

Sayoko: He's in a stalemate with the Chinese Federation, right?

Villetta: Yes, and prince Schneizel just joined the battle.

Rolo: Britannian forces inside of China?

Villetta: That's right. The Knights of the Round have entered the battle zone.

Tamaki: Our reinforcements aren't coming... what a...!

Ohgi: Calm down, Tamaki. We still have the Chinese empress as a captive. They can't just start shooting at us.

Diethard: What is it?

Lelouch: Full scale bombardment.

Fubata: But that means...

Lelouch: Yes. The Chinese Federation intends to obliterate the Mausoleum of 88 Emperors and us along with it. As for the empress, they want her to die.

Xingke: The High Eunuchs, they'd violate the sacred Mausoleum for their petty ambitions! All forces cease fire! Her Imperial Empress is inside!

High Eunuch: You still don't understand, do you, Xingke? Generation upon generation of emperors are buried there. In short, it's a grave.

High Eunuch: A good place to bury our current empress.

High Eunuch: We've already arranged for a new empress to replace her.

High Eunuch: A puppet bride would nicely match prince Odysseus on their wedding photo.

Xingke: You dare to say this!

Gino: You're the one? The guy who started the coup d'etat?

Xingke: Stand aside Britannian, this concerns my country alone!

Gino: My, those guys represent your country, internationally speaking. Besides, you captured the Guren, isn't that right? I happen to have a bit of unfinished business with that Knightmare and its pilot.

Tohdoh: Remember our air power's limited. Live with honor and strike like a steel.

Black Knights: Roger.

C.C: I'll go out in the Akatsuki.

Lelouch: C.C. In case we lose, have an escape route.

C.C: If you come up with a smart trick I won't need one.

Hinata: Second enemy air raids squadron coming in fast!

Minase: We're not gonna hold out long against this.

Tohdoh: Stand aside. I am Kyoshiro Tohdoh!

Gino: What do you know? They actually brought in someone good aside from that Guren girl.

Suzaku: Gino, leave them to me.

Tohdoh: Suzaku!

C.C: We really could go down this time. They've got the Lancelot and those next generation units.

Hong Gu: The Mordred is here? They're all closing in on us.

Anya: All rebel forces, annihilate them.

Hong Gu: Split into three groups. Surround her and fire!

Anya: Your shells, useless.

Xingke: If I can get inside her shields...

Gino: Oh no, I'm leading the dance at this party.

Xingke: What?

Nina: A single shot from the Mordred's Stark Hadron cannon would demolish the Mausoleum, wouldn't it?

Lloyd: Well, yes. If you just want to crush them.

Kanon: And the moment we did that they'd say we killed their Empress. We have to let the High Eunuchs make that last mortal blow.

High Eunuch: So you admit you're outmatched. Well we won't accept your surrender. It's too late now.

Lelouch: You insist on fighting? Even though your own empress will die in the attack?

High Eunuch: The empress is merely a system.

High Eunuch: There are plenty of others to replace her.

High Eunuch: So you can't use her as a bargaining chip.

Lelouch: But you use her to gain noble titles in the Britannian court.

High Eunuch: You have sharp ears, don't you?

High Eunuch: A cheap price to pay for power.

Lelouch: Cheap! A phony treaty that gives China's land to a foreign nation?

High Eunuch: Land is nothing but dirt afterall.

High Eunuch: Correct. We're Britannian noblemen now. That's what counts.

Lelouch: And what about the common people you sworn to protect!

High Eunuch: Zero, when you walk down the street, do you worry about stepping on the ants?

High Eunuch: You throw away paper that clings to your bothom, don't you? It's the same thing.

Lelouch: You sell out your country, abandon your empress, betray your own people, and all for what?

High Eunuch: An idealist. I never thought you are so naive, Zero.

High Eunuch: Indeed, masters and commoners will always breed.

High Eunuch: Like insects.

Futaba: Radiant shield generators 2 and 5 are offline!

Ohgi: That leaves the deck exposed!

Tianzi: Stop it!

Kaguya: Your Majesty!

Lelouch: Noblemen, you're bureaucrats, paper pushers who know nothing about noblesse oblige!

Tianzi: Please stop it! You have to stop all this fighting!

Black Knights: You can't go out there now!

Kaguya: I have to. Out of my way, I have to go after the empress!

Xingke: Your Majesty! What... my wing!

Gino: You let yourself get distracted.

Tianzi: This is wrong. All of it! All of it!

High Eunuch: Do it now. Fire on the empress.

Soldier: We hear and obey.

Xingke: Hang on, Shen Fu. My life is yours. Take it if you must. But save the empress!

Xingke: Run away, Your Majesty! Go now!

Tianzi: Xingke!

Xingke: You finally made it outside of the city. But you haven't seen any in the world yet. I will defend you here.

Tianzi: But without you I still... Xingke, it has to be you and I together, it has to be!

Xingke: Your words are wasted on me, Your Majesty. However...

High Eunuch: Intensify the attack. Don't stop until you crush the Shen Fu!

Hong Gu: Scum! This can't end like this!

Xingke: I can't save you afterall. I can't protect you. For six years, everything I've done has been to fulfill my promise to you. Someone do it. I don't care who! But please, someone save her!

Lelouch: Very well. I understand. Wish is granted.

High Eunuch: Ah, what is that Knightmare?

High Eunuch: It's not only protecting the empress but Xingke as well?

Lelouch: I ask this of the Chinese Federation and the Britannians. If you wanna keep fighting, are you prepared for the consequences?

Suzaku: Zero? He's come to the front line himself?

Xingke: Zero!

Tianzi: But why would he...?

High Eunuch: Why are you stopping? All units, wipe them out!

Lelouch: So be it! I gave you your chance. Let no one forget that!

Cecile: Lloyd, you know what that is?

Lloyd: Yes, we may have lost this one.

Nina: Using the Gawain's Druid System to generate that shield! I can't believe it! What kind of scientist worked it out?

Rakshata: Knightmare frame Shinkiro. Its Absolute Defense Field is the strongest protective shield system in the world.

Anya: This could be a problem.

Gino: What are your orders, Prince Schneizel? If we fire the empress will...

Kanon: We could just hang back and wait them out.

Schneizel: There's something strange about this. Why did Zero choose this time to show up in front.

Lelouch: How pathetic, Xingke. You're betrayed by your own country men. And you couldn't even save one little girl. Do you get it now? You need me. I'm the only ally you can rely on.

Xingke: I'll never be subordinate to you, Zero.

Lelouch: Subordinate? No. You have the potential to lead your entire nation. They need deliverance. Your empress and all the helpless people of the Chinese Federation. They're crying out for it.

Xingke: Do you think your Knightmare can turn the tide of this battle?

Lelouch: Not at all. The tide of war is determined by strategy not tactics.

Soldier: Emergency alert. Riot's broken out in Shanghai.

High Eunuch: Street riots?

High Eunuch: They are rioting? In Shanghai?

Soldier: It's not just Shanghai. Shou Xian, Beijing, Burma, Jakarta, Islamabad and there're 14 other areas we're still confirming. People are rising up everywhere.

Nina: Rebellions breaking out simultaneously?

Cecile: Yes. They're broadcasting the communication between Zero and High Eunuchs.

Kanon: Communication? So they were conspiring without informing us.

Schneizel: Can you run it?

Cecile: Yes.

High Eunuch: The empress is merely a system.

High Eunuch: There are plenty of others to replace her.

Lelouch: And what about the common people you sworn to protect!

High Eunuch: Zero, when you walk down street, do you worry about stepping on the ants?

High Eunuch: Indeed, masters and commoners will always breed.

High Eunuch: Like insects.

Lelouch: Thanks to the empress, the High Eunuchs are now firmly cast as the villains.

Xingke: You mean, you planned on their betrayal?

Kanon: He couldn't have caused this. It's happening too fast.

Schneizel: Unless he made use of someone else's plan already in place.

Lelouch: Correct. I've stolen other strategy of yours as well. We start a coup and the people rise up.

Tohdoh: In other words, we're not trapped here without reinforcements!

Diethard: We do have reinforcements. The starving masses of this land are the backup we needed!

Chiba: Then we could take offensive and strike!

Anya: The Black Knight are to be annihilated.

C.C: She's just as tough as I expected. No!

Anya: What is this?

C.C: So that's what you did.

Chiba: What's that?

Asahina: Now's our chance!

Suzaku: Anya, no!

Gino: This is the Tristan. I'm moving in to cover the Mordred.

Tamaki: Push them back now!

Soldier: Fools! Deploying their ground forces at this point in the battle.

Soldier: If we bomb them from the air, we'll destroy them.

Schneizel: No. We're withdrawing. Nations aren't dirt and they're not systems. They're people. The High Eunuchs have lost the people's support. They're no longer qualified to join us as representatives of the Chinese Federation.

Suzaku: Yes, Your Highness.

Futaba: The Avalon and the Knights of the Round are withdrawing.

Lelouch: Yes, I thought that's what you do, brother. However...

Schneizel: What do you think the emperor would've done, Canon? Forget it. I was just musing a bit.

Xingke: So Prince Schneizel has abandoned you. So much for your titles.

High Eunuch: Don't hurt us. We'll give up our power, whatever you want...

Xingke: Still worried about your own skin?

Lelouch: Where is Kallen Kouzuki?

Xingke: That's the Guren's pilot.

Xianglin: She was classified as POW and transferred out.

Lelouch: What?

Xianglin: The High Eunuchs handed her over as a favor to the Knight of Seven.

Lelouch: To Suzaku? So you're trying to take everything away from me. Even Kallen. But that's not going to happen. I promised that I come for her and I will. Nothing will stop me, not even you!

Bartley: Where is this place? I thought we were going to meet in the Britannian homeland. And besides, this is my direct order of the emperor.

V.V.: Yes as requested. In your attempt to recreate C.C.'s power you enhanced Lord Jeremiah. Enlightened of your efforts I felt we should call you in.

Jeremiah: You see, I need some fine adjustments. You're really the only logical choice for this. And in any case you should be pleased that it's great honor for you.

Xingke: Is this all right for you?

Tianzi: Well, I was finally able to leave the Forbidden City. And now... I mean... this doesn't mean it's... beyond... it's just...

Xingke: I shall protect you in the future as well. Until the very end of time.

Tianzi: It's so strange. It's so happy... it's so happy and yet...

Diethard: Zero, we need to let the world know that the empress's betrothal to the Britannian prince is off.

Lelouch: That's true.

Diethard: And the best way to do that is to have her marry someone from our side, a member of Japanese family would be perfect.

Lelouch: That's tastelessly obvious but smart move all the same. We can have her marry Tohdoh, even Tamaki would do.

Diethard: If you'd like I can draw up a list of suitable candidates.

Kaguya: But you mustn't!

Diethard: Lady Kaguya, this is a political maneuver, it isn't personal.

Kaguya: You're wrong, it is personal! It's a simple question of love!

C.C: She has a point.

Diethard: We're at war. Lives are its stake.

Chiba: Hey, you're pushin' it, buddy.

Diethard: Buddy? I am a staff officer! Zero, what's your decision?

Kaguya: You understand, Master Zero, don't you?

Lelouch: Well...

Tamaki: Zero, listen about yesterday... hmm? Are you guys still in conference?

Lelouch: No, let's go.

Diethard: Zero, this is vital!

Lelouch: Tamaki's issue is also vital. I never thought C.C. would object to this. I could easily use may Geass to make Xingke and others go along with this. So what's the problem...?

Tamaki: Of course I'm worried about Kallen, too, you know. But I still need to deal with my current position here. If the Black Knights don't pull together we got problems, right? But if things stay like this I won't get any respect from the new guys.

Lelouch: Tamaki.

Tamaki: You get the picture 'cause you are like my best buddies, aren't you?

Shirley: Ah, Lelou, do you have a minute?

Lelouch: Yeah, sure. What's up?

Shirley: Well, it's about the prez's graduation event. Remember? If we talk about it in class, Rivalz will blab to her.

Lelouch: Maybe it's better just to let her decide for herself what's she wants to do.

Shirley: I guess...

Lelouch: Ah, Shirley, can I ask you something?

Tamaki: Damn it! Every time we try to talk to this guy, he disappears!

Lelouch: The thing is, there's this couple that just has to split up but I can't convince anyone else.

Shirley: Do they wanna split up?

Lelouch: No, it's a political issue... I mean family politics, you know, their parents and all...

Shirley: Then don't!

Lelouch: Don't what?

Shirley: Don't break them up! Love is power! When you love someone that has incredible power. You think about him all day long. You write poetry that rhymes, their mufflers, you feel you can fly head down toe in the beginning! And I've always spent like... that is... what about you, Lelou. Haven't you ever thought that way for someone important to you?

Lelouch: She's right! I have. I was trying to recreate the whole world for Nunnally's sake. Passion has the power to change the whole entire world! That's the truth, isn't it, Shirley? Thanks, Shirley. I'm really grad I talked to you.

Shirley: Really? 'cause passions very... awwww, you've never changed! Why do I waste my time!

Lelouch: Your Majesty, your future belongs to you. You decide your own fate.

Xingke: Zero...

Kaguya: Oh, I knew you'd understand!

Diethard: But we need to establish a position of power.

Lelouch: The human heart is a source of all our power. That's why the people rose up against the High Eunuchs and the Black Knight fight like Titans. We fight with the power of our hearts.

Ohgi: Yeah, yes, you got that right.

Diethard: Power of the heart, is that it?

Xingke: Zero, I'm starting to see what kind of man it is behind that mask.

Lelouch: The path ahead of us is arduous.

Xingke: That's precisely why tomorrow belongs to us alone.

Shirley: Lelou has really been acting strange lately. One minute he's as usual self, the next he's weirdly nice. Like a completely different per... Lelou?

Lelouch: Hi, you need something?

Shirley: I told you early where I was going to bring back this gardening books.

Lelouch: Ah, of course, that's right. This isn't good. If she sees the panel before it closes, she'll know about the underground control center.

Shirley: What's a... are you hiding something there?

Sayoko: I can't let her see it. I've got to stop her! Shirley...

Shirley: Lelou...

Lelouch: We will find Kallen but I need to return to Area 11 first.

C.C: And the Chinese Federation?

Lelouch: There're still some opposing fractions there. But they'll be no match for Xingke and Tohdoh now that the people are on our side. Besides you wanna see it, too. The power of the human heart.

C.C: The little devil grows up, huh?

Lelouch: And you're still a witch. And in any case, this gets us back on track so we can hit them at the deepest level.

C.C: Their religious order?

Lelouch: Hmm, the ones that are trying to create warriors with the Geass power. If we can control the order then I can surpass the emperor in terms of Geass.

C.C: However the very existence of the order has been concealed from the human world. They change locations when a new leader is named so it's almost impossible to track them.

Lelouch: But you are certain they're based in the Chinese Federation right now. Somewhere within reach?

C.C: Yes, according to V.V. the one who replaced me as their leader. But this is a vast country. Even that guy Rolo doesn't know where their base is, right? So how are you going to find it?

Lelouch: That's why I took over the Chinese Federation. The flow of goods, power supplies, communications... the order must leave traces of its existence.

C.C: You're using the power of the whole nation to find them?

Lelouch: As you said it's a vast country. You're to remain here, C.C. If you find any clues on the order, contact me.

C.C: Yes, I understand.

Lelouch: This place, are you sure it's safe?

Rolo: It's an O.S.I. facility. Just consider that it may as well belong to you and I. Welcome home! Brother!

Lelouch: It's good to see you, Rolo. Sayoko, did anything change while I was away on this mission?

Sayoko: Nothing of immediate concern. I noted all the detail in the designated file.

Rolo: So you'll be staying here for quite while now. Isn't that right, Lelouch?

Lelouch: Yes, I have to develop some effective counter measures for the Knights of the Round. The Lancelot's bad enough. And we certainly don't need the Tristan and the Mordred getting in our way again.

Rolo: It would be a pleasure to back you up in my Vincent.

Lelouch: I told you not to behave like that. Shirley, are you okay?

Shirley: Look, Lelou, about what happened with us yesterday...

Lelouch: Yesterday?

Anya: Morning Lelouch Lamperouge.

Rolo: It's Anya, the Knight of Six!

Gino: Hey, we've been waiting for you. You're the vice president, right? This is an honor.

Rivalz: Don't be so formal.

Gino: Oh, right. Anyway, we've both just enrolled here in Ashford. And... while we are here we insist that our social status be ignored.

Milly: They said they wanted the experience of being ordinary student.

Rivalz: So I'm teaching them how to talk normal.

Gino: I am really looking forward to this, old man.

Lelouch: Right...
  