
Soldier: The capital Pendragon's been obliterated?

Soldier: Is that true?

Soldier: They say it was the F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead.

Soldier: The thing that wiped out the Tokyo settlement?

Soldier: An accident?

Soldier: But I heard the F.L.E.I.J.A.s they built are all missing now.

Jeremiah: Stop spreading wild rumors. It is imprudent to talk as if the capital's been destroyed, even as rumors.

Sayoko: No, I'm afraid it's all true.

Jeremiah: What? You...

Sayoko: Please take me to Lelouch. It's urgent.


----------- [OP]




Lelouch: Nunnally... it's you... you're alive...

Nunnally: Yes, thanks to our brother Schneizel.

Lelouch: Schneizel...

Suzaku: Nunnally... do you understand what Schneizel has done?

Nunnally: Yes. He attacked capital Pendragon with a F.L.E.I.J.A. warhead.

Suzaku: If you know about that, then why?

Nunnally: Do you think that using Geass on people is better? Both you and big brother has been lying to me from the very beginning, haven't you? You've kept the truth from me all this time. But... now I know everything. Lelouch, you're Zero all along, weren't you? Why?! Tell me! Were you doing it for my sake? Because if you were, that means...

Lelouch: For your sake? I see my little sister is presumptuous as ever. You think it's just natural for people to help you all the time out of sympathy and pity? It's so easy to criticize others while you keep your own hands unsullied. You're the quintessence of the privileged aristocrat that I've rejected.

Nunnally: You are... no...

Lelouch: I act for no one's sake. It is for me, my sake, that I take the world into my hands. If you choose to stand in my way, by allying yourself with Schneizel, I won't hesitate to crush you without mercy and without regret.

Nunnally: Lelouch...

Cornelia: Are you all right, Nunnally?

Schneizel: That must have been very hard for you, Nunnally. I thought showing him the power of the F.L.E.I.J.A. might convince him to surrender.

Nunnally: Schneizel, are the people of Pendragon really all right? Are you sure they are safe?

Schneizel: You needn't worry. We gave warning for them to evacuate well in advance. Of course, the damage to the city was significant but we did everything we could to minimize it.

Nunnally: But now... we'll have to use the weapons on people, on Lelouch and his followers.

Schneizel: If they stand in the way of world peace, we'll have no choice.

Nunnally: Schneizel, please. Will you let me have the F.L.E.I.J.A. firing switch to hold on to? I can't fight battles or defend my country or my people, so at the very least I want this sin to be on my shoulders.

Cornelia: Schneizel, may I please have a word with you?



Lelouch: C.C., why didn't you find out about Nunnally?

C.C: I'm certainly not a god. I can only read people if they're connected to the power of Geass.

Lelouch: Schneizel, you knew but you kept the truth from me all this time. Just so you could play this card at the right moment! Still the way that you shuffled the deck was more than artful. It was remarkable and effective!

Suzaku: Lelouch! Our strategic objectives unchanged. We can't stop this just because we found out that Nunnally is still alive. Or the Zero Requiem will have no meaning! Remember your promise.

C.C: Suzaku.

Suzaku: I am his sword. It's my job to rid him of his enemies and his own weakness. And you C.C. you must be his shield.

C.C: Huh?

Suzaku: You job is to protect him.

C.C: We do things as you like.

Suzaku: Lelouch is your accomplice, isn't he?

C.C: My accomplice, huh?



Cecile: The F.L.E.I.J.A. they used on Pendragon had ten times the effective range as the one used on the Tokyo settlement. If they haven't developed the new model, then...

Nina: They've removed the limiter.

Lloyd: Bingo.

Nina: By removing both effect range and detonation time limiter... Prince Schneizel, how could you...



Schneizel: Yes, what about it?

Cornelia: You mean the people of Pendragon were...

Schneizel: I made them... vanish. It was better for them than a life swearing loyalty to Lelouch, wouldn't you say?

Cornelia: They're are our own people. And you told Nunnally...

Schneizel: Lies are expedient. There's no need to tell Nunnally things that would get in the way of her opposition to Lelouch, is there? She'll never know the difference.

Cornelia: You use everyone? Even your own sister?

Schneizel: Cornelia. What is it that people truly want? Starvation and poverty. Discrimination and corruption. War and terrorism. They want the problems that are flooding the world to go away forever. People can't understand each other under these situations at all.

Cornelia: Your theories don't justify butchering civilians!

Schneizel: Even civilians who have rejected war depend on the police, don't they? Everyone knows, don't they? That people are driven by their own desires. The lust that dwells within the soul of man cannot be denied. So why win hearts and minds or tout some shining ideology. Why not bring peace to the world with the system 'power'? In ten days, Damocles will enter the air space of the United States of China. And then switch over to secondary acceleration. After that, we're scheduled to ascend 300 kilometers above the surface. From there, we will hit every enemy nations with F.L.E.I.J.A.s.

Cornelia: Are you insane? We only agreed to use them against Lelouch. This will destroy the world! You're trying to control people through fear!

Schneizel: Mankind's history is war. Peace is an illusion. To turn an illusion into reality is an arduous task. It requires discipline.

Cornelia: And you plan to discipline the entire human race all by yourself? Only a god could pull that off.

Schneizel: Then I shall become a god. If that is what it takes to bring peace to the world.

Cornelia: You're derange.

Diethard: Magnificent! I knew I was right to change sides and support you! Surpassing Zero's chaos with a state of perfect nothingness and kaleidoscopic transformation!

Kanon: Prince Schneizel, we've made contact with the Black Knights. They say if you plan to kill Lelouch, they're willing to join you immediately.

Schneizel: Thank you, Kanon. Those who have experienced Lelouch's tyranny first hand will have no alternative but to choose the lesser of evils.

Cornelia: Is that why you stay back and let Lelouch get away with this until now?

Schneizel: It was a way to minimize the damage. But in the end, if we have to sacrifice one or two billion lives to achieve a state of permanent peace...

Cornelia: You're wrong! Peace attained by force is not peace!

Schneizel: This is so sad, Cornelia.



Sayoko: Schneizel had maneuvered us. He had another escape plane as a decoy during the battle of Tokyo. And so...

Jeremiah: The plane destroyed by the F.L.E.I.J.A. was the decoy.

Sayoko: That's right. And now he's trying to use Miss Nunnally to control Master Lelouch.

Jeremiah: You're Japanese, aren't you? Why come to Master Lelouch instead of the Black Knights? You're devoted to chivalry as well, aren't you?

Sayoko: Perhaps there's some truth to that.



C.C: I'm impressed. You didn't drop your mask in front of Nunnally.

Lelouch: No matter what angle I use to attack the problem, the answer was always the same. The conclusion I came to then wasn't wrong.

C.C: Lelouch, haven't you done enough? You've handled this well.

Lelouch: You understand why I'm doing this evil, don't you? Besides, under the rule of Damocles people would become lifeless puppets.

C.C: That's true. But Nunnally is aboard Damocles. Everything you've done from the beginning was for her.

Lelouch: I can't treat her differently any longer. So many people have died since this began. For their sakes, we have to see it through to the end, don't we, C.C.?

C.C: Yes. You're right, Lelouch.



Kallen: Are you sure you want to join with us? It means you'd be fighting against Britannia.

Gino: You know? Right now... right now I think I understand your feelings just a bit.

Kallen: Uh, well, thanks, I guess.

Gino: I beg your pardon?







Xingke: Pendragon was the capital of the Holy Britannian Empire. With its destruction, their internal government is paralyzed.

Tohdoh: They're confronting our Black Knights forces in every part of the world. So they're pinned down everywhere.

Xianglin: In short, the only force Lelouch can deploy against us is the division he brought to reoccupy Japan. But the balance of power can be tipped for him at any time. To minimize damage, we cannot hesitate. The time to confront him is now.

Xingke: Since Schneizel has now agreed to join us our forces are evenly matched with the enemy. Our intention is not the approval of the Damocles's use of F.L.E.I.J.A.s, its bringing unity to the world is our first priority. This battle...



Lelouch: This battle is the ultimate test. Control of the entire world is at stake. If we defeat Schneizel and Black Knights then there will be no one left to stand in our way. This world shall be destroyed and then recreated by Lelouch, the one true emperor of Britannia. Crush them! Destroy Schneizel! And the sky fortress Damocles! Crush them all! We have nothing to fear. My name is the future of this world!

Soldiers: All hail Lelouch!



Schneizel: Lelouch has spread malice and turmoil all across the globe. As the enemy of peace, he must be wiped out. It is time for the Black Knights and for us, to cast aside the grudges of the past and join forces. The people of the world are waiting for our song of victory. I pray that for all time this shall be the last battle in the last war that mankind will ever need to fight.

Kallen: Oh, Lelouch...

Anya: I'll make both of you into records on my hard drive.

Kanon: Are you sure Anya will be all right in a battle? I know you promised to restore her memory, Your Highness, but...

Schneizel: We need every bit of battle strength we have. So... Oh? An open channel?

Lelouch: Official greeting, Schneizel.

Schneizel: Lelouch, if you're going to surrender, now is the time. We have an arsenal of F.L.E.I.J.A.s ready to launch.

Lelouch: F.L.E.I.J.A.s? I wonder if you dare to use them. Considering that I have all the U.F.N. representatives aboard the Avalon with me.

Xingke: He's hiding behind the hostages he took.

Kallen: I can't believe he'd go this far!

Lelouch: So, Schneizel. These people are from all over the world, they're not related to you.

Schneizel: You're right. They're not. Their lives are a small price to pay.

Xingke: Schneizel, you can't attack!

Schneizel: I understand that the U.F.N. members have elected acting representatives to speak for them.

Xingke: We are prepared for the worst and we know how dire this is. But that doesn't mean we're going to throw their lives away on a gamble!

Schneizel: Li Xingke, aside from the Damocles our strike force consists only of the Mordred. If you're going to tie our hands so we can't use the F.L.E.I.J.A.s, then I request that you put me in charge of all our united forces.

Xingke: We're facing Lelouch!

Schneizel: Exactly. I've never lost to Lelouch. Ever. And I know him far better than anyone on this battlefield.

Xingke: Understood. Deploy the Shen Hu. Transmit the command structure to all forces.

Hinata: Yes, sir.

Lelouch: Then shall we let the game play out, brother.

Schneizel: Indeed. Kanon, it's just as you predicted.

Kanon: Yes. The Black Knights are now yours to command, Your Highness.

Schneizel: Transmit pattern sigma to all forces.



Cecile: Enemy fleets all in motion. Deploying into a wide-field aerial formation.

Lelouch: He's using conventional forces. Good. Stretch our left wing. Assume Half-Moon Spear formation.

Cecile: Yes, Your Majesty.

Kanon: Their main wings are undermanned.

Schneizel: Have Gino's unit advance. Keep the enemy's left wing from extending.

Gino: Yes, Your Highness.

Lelouch: Checking my move? Reverse the direction of our left wing.

Cecile: That'll break up our formation.

Lelouch: Do it.

Schneizel: Gino, hold your advance now.

Gino: But why? We should strike where they're in disarray.

Schneizel: It's a false opening. I'm not buying it.

Lelouch: Not falling for it, huh? Switch our battle plan to Ursa Major formation.

Schneizel: Sixth unit, follow Anya and move to the north east. Elevate 40 degrees.

Lelouch: Bombardiers, prep for anti-air combat.

Schneizel: Anya, stop there, climb 200 meters and stabilize.



Tamaki: What the hell! Nobody is fighting!

Tohdoh: You're wrong. Contests fought between two masters are decided instantly.

Xingke: And an invisible battle is now raging between the two of them.

Nina: We have to hurry. They're going to attack each other any moment now.



Cecile: They're surrounding us!

Lelouch: Countermove! Reinforce the front line with Suzaku's Lancelot. Hold at combat speed 4! And send out Ward's unit.

Schneizel: Aha, you haven't changed, Lelouch. You'd rather attack my front line than defend your own flanks. I now have a small window. Xingke?

Xingke: He's already incorporated our skill levels.

Cecile: The enemy's left wing is breaking away!

Jeremiah: Stand fast! Live up to His Majesty's trust in us!

Kallen: If we can defeat Lelouch, this will be over!

Chiba: If we smash their line, it'll be a free-for-all!



Jeremiah: They're punching through!

Lelouch: They're cutting us to pieces.

Cecile: Should I have Suzaku fall back?

Lelouch: No. That's what Schneizel wants us to do. Draw in the battle line! Fall back and regroup.

Kanon: Their fleet is damaged and falling back.

Xingke: Don't lose the momentum! Push forward! Guren, you're too far out! Match pace with us, we can surround them!

Kallen: I understand, but...

Xingke: Don't rush! If we beat their vanguard, we'll isolate the Avalon!



Cecile: The Dreadnought is destroyed! They're breaking through!

Lelouch: So that's how it stands. I don't wish to engage the Black Knights as formidable enemies. However my side has motive.

Soldier: For His Majesty!

Tohdoh: It's heart-rending. Seeing soldiers controlled by the false power of Geass. And so...!

Schneizel: This is the moment. Smash both wings!

Minami: Bow-mounted hadron scatter canon, now set!

Minase: Move the 7th squad out of the firing angle.

Hinata: Gefjun control, sync.

Futaba: Ready to fire!

Xianglin: Target both enemy wings, and fire!

Ohgi: Zero, with all of us working together, we can defeat you!

Diethard: It seems that Lelouch badly underestimated the fighting skills of the Black Knights.



Suzaku: Well, Lelouch!

Lelouch: Right. They've shown great skills forcing me to use this plan.

Xingke: Damn it!

Minase: Energy chain reaction! Below us!

Ohgi: What? Impossible! He timed this to...!

Tohdoh: All forces, deploy radiant shields!

Ohgi: Zero...!

Ohgi: I was the one who first acknowledged his leadership and encouraged the others to follow him. So I'm responsible for all of this. But I don't want a new life caught up in it. I know this is a selfish request. But I want you to stay here on Horai island. Please...

Kallen: Ohgi, please respond! Minami! Rakshata!

Diethard: It can't be!

Kanon: He used the Sakuradite in the Fuji mines.

Schneizel: Yes, he has. Destroying his own ground forces as well.

Xingke: I was careless. So that was Lelouch's tactical plan. But how could he sacrifice his own forces!

C.C: This has drastically depleted the enemy strength. Which leaves Damocles...

Suzaku: ...wide open!



Schneizel: In reality, it's you who's been checked and you brought it on yourself. Nunnally, targeting is complete. Now that the Black Knights have been smashed, we must use the F.L.E.I.J.A.'s power.

Nunnally: Yes. With this act, I will wipe away my brother's sins.

Cecile: Incoming! It's a F.L.E.I.J.A.!

Lelouch: So it's finally launched. Special division 3!

Soldier: Yes, Your Majesty!

Schneizel: It's useless. It can't be stopped. The F.L.E.I.J.A. went critical the moment it was fired from the Damocles.

Lelouch: Avalon, continue to fall back. All units, charge at the Damocles. Force them to keep launching the F.L.E.I.J.A. warheads until their arsenal is empty.



Tamaki: Ohgi! Ohgi!

Kallen: Ohgi, please!

Tamaki: This is no time to play dead.

Ohgi: I don't believe it. You two shielded us?

Tamaki: We're only able to protect the bridge, though. You are on your own now. Hang in there. Let's go, Kallen!

Kallen: Oh great. Who's the guy giving orders.

Lelouch: Now that I've used the Fuji plan, and considering the number of remaining F.L.E.I.J.A. warheads, I'm at a disadvantage of one move. Meaning I have to depend on Nina now. Can she do it? I know she hates me. Detests me for being Zero, Euphy's murderer, the enemy of her precious Britannia which I now rule. Yet, to defeat Schneizel...

Schneizel: I wonder. Do you really think you can defeat me, Lelouch? Because if you do, you're at the end of your path. A man who has not mastered the use of the mask can never prevail.






Lelouch:
Suzaku and I together, there was nothing we couldn't accomplish.
That's what I thought, but now, Schneizel has proven an unrelenting foe.
The truth is, it's his detachment, his lack of desire.
A man coldly focused, who understands the Geass and possesses the F.L.E.I.J.A.s, what strategy does he pursue?
Is there any tactic that's gonna work on a battlefield where F.L.E.I.J.A.s rain down from the sky?
I have one last gamble. One final card to play!
And it lies within Schneizel's own heart.
  