
C.C: This is 2-D-4. We're now entering Tokyo Settlement-controlled airspace.

A.T.C: Roger. Your flight objective here is commercial advertising, correct?

C.C: No change in that. As filed the duration of our flight will be fourteen hours.

A.T.C: That is confirmed. You're cleared for flyover.

C.C: Acknowledged. I appreciate it.



Urabe: We're the only ones left now. This is all the remains of The Black Knights, who along with Zero, once struck terror in the heart of Britannia. Still it's too soon to give in to despair. If Operation Flying Swallow 4 is successful, then...

The Black Knights: Yes.

Urabe: Forgive me. Here's to you. To victory. Long live Japan!

The Black Knights: Long live Japan!



Villetta: Lelouch!

Lelouch: Ah not again... You are persistent.

Villetta: You are not going to get away this time. Ah-

Student: Hey Lelouch, about what you said... < That thing from last time- >

Lelouch: Sorry! Catch ya later.

Villetta: Lelouch, you come back here!

Student: Vice prez!

Student: Hope you get lucky! < Go! >

Lelouch: Yeah whatever...

Villetta: You lost the moment you turned this into a contest of strength and speed.

Lelouch: Aren't you overreacting? I mean this is just about making-up a P.E class.

Villetta: No. Quit cutting class, Lelouch.

Lelouch: I have more than enough school credits to pass, don't I? Don't worry. It's only colored smoke!

Villetta: Wait!

Milly: Hey vice prez, hang in there!

Lelouch: Ah, thanks a lot.

Villetta: What kinda Student President are you?!

Milly: Oh, I'm so sorry. Lost my head.

Villetta: Lelouch!

Rivalz: Ouh, are you trying to kill me, coach?!

Villetta: Rivalz? But how did you...

Lelouch: I need to borrow your bike, Rivalz. See ya!

Shirley: What are you up to now, Lelou?

----------- [OP]

Lelouch: For crying out loud, can't they give me a break and leave me alone after school?

Rolo: But they only do that because you are always skipping class, big brother?

Lelouch: Because I find them insufferably boring. Here. Have some. It's from Milly.

Rolo: Wow I can't eat and steer.

Lelouch: You're right. I'm sorry. It's been a year since Britannian Forces crashed Black Rebellion, the revolt instigated by Zero. Things are finally quieted down, even here in Area 11. When the insurrection began, all sorts of rumors were flying. At one point, I considered returning to the homeland with my brother.

Rolo: Did you hand in your career guidance report yet?

Lelouch: Ah?

Rolo: That's the reason Ms.Villetta was so upset.

Lelouch: Oh...

Rolo: So, what about college?

Lelouch: Well, I haven't decided yet. I am sick and tired of being a student. But I'm not ready to get a job and join the system, either.

Rolo: A typical answer?

Lelouch: Besides, what could I ever hope to attain by entering the workforce? Big corporations and the nobility would still be above me. A structured mature world. I would simply be absorbed into the hierarchy of adults.

Calares: We all need to understand that this is not discrimination, but rather, it's differentiation! The Elevens revealed themselves to be a dangerous, belligerent race. They followed the scoundrel Zero and took up the name Japanese. It's our duty as Britannians to control and educate them!

Lelouch: The Elevens lost. They didn't have the strength. If they'd only kept quiet and behaved, this place wouldn't have been downgraded to a reeducation zone. Zero, he was a fool. No matter what you try, world is just a...

Britannian Army: Viceroy Calares, please hurry. The delegation from the Chinese Federation is waiting.

Calares: I understand. Are those O.S.I. people going to carry it out? < What about the Intelligence Agency's plan? >

Britannian Army: Yes. At Babel Tower, my lord.

Calares: On today of all days. What could His Majesty be thinking? I seriously doubt the scattered remnants of the Black Knights can do anything to us at this point... Besides, Zero is long dead.

Britannian: Quit slacking off, lazy Eleven monkey! < Don't rest your hands you Eleven monkeys! >

Japanese: Y-Yes sir!



O.S.I: Target arriving as predicted.

O.S.I: Run foot patrol to me, sending ID numbers of ????????? vehicles.

O.S.I: Target now entering fifth gate from B3. < Coming in from B3 to the Fifth Gate. >

O.S.I: Do you think she'll show this time?

O.S.I. commander: I just know we can't afford to fail. We're taking the huge risk by letting Lelouch go to the settlement's outer edge.



Lelouch: All right then. You can come with me but I warn you, you have to watch out. Because today I'm going to be breaking a law.

Rolo: Don't get caught.

Lelouch: Cops don't scare me.

Rolo: Why do this? 'Cause, I mean, you are not even doing this for the money, are you?

Lelouch: Need you ask? It's because I wanna battle more challenging opponents. That's a lie. I do this out of sheer boredom. In short...I'm...

Announcer: Today's main event is a brutal match between brothers. Which sibling will win? The older one or the younger?

Rolo: We don't belong here. Let's go.

Lelouch: It's simple to figure out. Just relax. Look there. The Britannians like ourselves are laughing and having fun. The ones who are being laughed at are the Elevens. You pretend not to notice but in the end...

Rolo: But then why?

Lelouch: I know...but it's the truth. The Elevens lost twice. First with Prime Minister Kururugi and again with Zero. How could they rebel when they don't have the strength.

Kallen: I'm terribly sorry!

Lelouch: No, it's fine. Don't worry.

Kallen: But I am an Eleven. And you are a Britannian student. This is inexcusable.

Lelouch: All the more reason to excuse you. I hate having our social class held over you like a sword.

Kallen: It doesn't matter. Powerless have no choice but to bear their lot in life. Regardless if their oppresser is wrong.

Lelouch: I'd appreciate it if you didn't push your values on me. I'm not interested.

Kallen: I beg your pardon.

Mr.King: Come here. Let me take a look at you. Hmm...nice goods you've got here.

Man: Yes, Mr.King. We have a large quality catch of bunnies today.

Kallen: You're wrong, sir. I'm not for sale.

Mr.King: But you are for sale. You should know by now. Losers don't have any rights.



O.S.I: Alert. Unforeseen trouble occurring.



Mr.King: Curse your own wretched birth for not having been born with power. That's what His Majesty always says, isn't it?

Lelouch: His Majesty...

Mr.King: The strong feed upon and devour the weak. That's the rule, kid.

Rolo: The guy is mafia, Lelouch.

Lelouch: What an arrogant display. Feeding upon the weak are you?

Mr.King: This is the grownup world in here, schoolboy, so get lost.

Lelouch: Then will the adult world devour the student or is it the other way around. Why don't we find out the answer with this?

Mr.King: With chess?

Rolo: Big brother, don't!

Mr.King: Too late, fellows. Right boys? Students really don't know much of anything, do they?

Lelouch: That's not true, Mr. Black King. You're a famous chess player in the gambling arena, aren't you?

Mr.King: So you know who I am, huh?



Tamaki: If Zero was here, you wouldn't be acting so tough.

Chiba: Do me a favor. Don't say that traitor's name again.

Tamaki: Hey, Zero didn't betray us!

Keeper: Shut up, you stinking Eleven!

Tamaki: Okay! Sorry!

Ohgi: There has to be a reason for what he did.

Chiba: What Reason? Why'd the commander vanish during the final decisive battle like that.

Tohdoh: Stop it! It serves no purpose. Zero's dead after all.

Ohgi: He's dead...



Lelouch: And that's Checkmate.

Mr.King: Impossible...

Onlooker: The student beat him.

Onlooker: Black King lost.

Onlooker: How could he lose so easily.

Lelouch: Looks like you're the one who's been devoured here.

Mr.King: Damn. That's inconvenient. How will I ever be able to show my face in public if word of this gets around.

Lelouch: I would never spread rumors.

Mr.King: No, school boy. Not that. What I'm saying is that others will hear how you cunningly cheated me.

Lelouch: I...what...?

Mr.King: Such a naughty little man.

Lelouch: Now, wait a minute!

Kallen: Cheat? But in chess how could you?

Rolo: There's no way to do it.

Mr.King: Get him and hold him. Now to whip up a little evidence against the kid.

Lelouch: You filthy lying adult!

Mr.King: Fair play doesn't win the game. Learn that, school boy...

Rolo: Let him go!

Mr.King: Terrorists?!


The Black Knights: Move out!

Kallen: Come on! This way!

Lelouch: H-Hey!

Rolo: Lelouch!

O.S.I. commander: An airship...hum...their final gasp? Office of Secret Intelligence. Initiate Operation Valhalla Seven.

O.S.I: Yes, My Lord!

Lelouch: What is this? What's happening? What!?



Calares: We welcome you here to Area 11.

High Eunuch: We didn't expect an armed reception especially after hearing that zero was dead.

Calares: Zero? You have a wrong idea. I hoped it would offer you and the other representatives of the Chinese Federation a better understanding of us Britannians.

High Eunuch: My, an uncommonly straightforward approach.

Britannian Army: May we have what you're carrying, sir?

Britannian Army: Our security is perfect. You don't need to carry that antique-weapon here.

High Eunuch: Xingke, that was rude of you.

Xingke: Please forgive me. But I hoped it would offer you and any other Britannians a better understanding of the Chinese Federation.

Calares: Why you... Huh?



Rolo: Big brother this way!

Kallen: No, wait a minute!

Urabe: We what?! Lost sight of the target?!

The Black Knights: Yes, that is correct. We will be going in now.

Urabe: Understood.



O.S.I: The terrorists attacking Babel Tower appear well-equipped. They're armed with several Knightmares.

O.S.I: At commencement of the operation. Perimeter cleaning complete.

O.S.I. commander: Good. Now enter the Seventh Sequence.

O.S.I: Commander, Viceroy Calares is...

O.S.I. commander: Pay no attention to that low-level bureaucrat. Our orders come directly from the Emperor himself.

O.S.I: Yes, My Lord.



Citizen: Elevens can take the stairs! < Elevens use the stairs! >

Citizen: We're overloading!

Citizen: Don't push it!


Lelouch: Terrorists?! What are leftover fragments of the Black Knights doing here?

Rolo: Britannian Military!

Kallen: Filthy Britannians! Sorry, I wasn't able to bring him here like we planned.

The Black Knights: Don't sweat it. Urabe and the others are looking for him right now.

Kallen: Understood.


Lelouch: Rolo, this way! What the hell is going on? That Knightmare earlier... Was it trying to..?

Rolo: Lelouch, what'll we do now?

Lelouch: Don't worry. We'll be all right. I promise you. I'll get us out of here. < We will be able to get away. >

Rolo: Yeah... I'm sure. We'll be fine. < We're... >

Lelouch: Rolo!

Rolo: Lelouch!



Shirley: And now Lelou's giving all of his same bad habits to Rolo.

Milly: Admit it, Shirley. You're worried about your darling Lelou.

Shirley: No, I am not!

Rivalz: There she goes again..

Shirley: Whatever...



Lelouch: R... Rolo?..Rolo! I'm out of range? What do I do now? At this rate, we'll both be... No, I have to try and save him. The least I should be able to do is save my only brother! Even I ought to have enough strength in me to do that. I have to... Terrorists are responsible for this? But Elevens were killed too... Are these people still counting on Zero to rescue them? The Black Knights... What do I do? Will they kill me? Even if I run....

C.C: Lelouch. I came to get you out of here, Lelouch. I'm on your side and an ally. And your sworn enemy is Britannia. We have a contract. You and I are both accomplices.

Lelouch: Contract? Accomplices?

C.C: I'm the only one who knows you, the real you.

Lelouch: What does she mean? Real me?

C.C: L-Lelouch...

Lelouch: H-Hey! Are you all right? Why are soldiers.... Hold on...what are you... Stop it! That woman is still alive!

O.S.I. commander: You served your function well, good Lelouch Lamperouge.

Lelouch: Function? What are you talking about?!

O.S.I. commander: We've had our eye on you for a very long time now, young man. Wakes up at 6:59 am. From 7:12 am, watches the news with his little brother while eating breakfast. No ideological deviations with the program he watches. 8:45 am, goes to class. Doesn't attend his morning homeroom or first period class. Instead, he reads on the roof. During his second period physics...

Lelouch: Those are things I've done today...

O.S.I. commander: I prefer to think of it as a pet diary or bait journal.

Lelouch: Bait journal?!

O.S..I commander: Or call it a trap, if you wish, for that witch. All to lure C.C. out of hiding.

Lelouch: No, wait, please! What's going on?!

O.S.I. commander: Boy, I'll have you know that I am a baron. I'm through wasting words on bait like you. Now time to dispose of you. And there won't be any witnesses left.

Lelouch: Dispose? Is this...the end for me? Without even knowing why? So matter-of-factly? To hell with that! Power...if I only had power...power to escape this place...power not to lose the world! ...what...what is this?

C.C: You desire power?

Lelouch: That voice... The girl who was shot?

C.C: You already possess the power you seek. It's merely imprisoned within the cage of amnesia. Remember...Remember who you really are...the power of the king... Now let the seal be broken..!

Lelouch: I see now... Persistent irritation that pricked me like thorns in my everyday life. Yes...huh...it was all the phony memories implanted in me. But I remember now... I am...I am... I am... ...Zero!



Suzaku: Lelouch, I'm not asking for forgiveness. After all we're friends, aren't we?

Lelouch: Yes...that's your answer, isn't it... Suzaku!



Lelouch: Before you dispose of me, I'd like you to answer a question.

O.S.I: That girl's still alive!

O.S.I: Impossible! She was shot through the heart!

Lelouch: If being powerless is so terribly wrong, then does having power make you right? Do you find vengeance evil? What's your value of friendship? Is it justice?

O.S.I. commander: There is no justice or evil. The only truth that's left for you bait is the simple reality of death.

Lelouch: I see. Then that reality is all that remains for you as well. I, Lelouch Vi Britannia command you... ...all of you...die!

O.S.I. commander: It can't be-

O.S.I: Yes, Your Highness!

Lelouch: Ever since that day, my heart simply couldn't accept it. This fake life I was never able to fit into. All the time that was lost. These false memories planted in me giving me a life as one of the herd. Yet...The truth continues to guide me toward itself. That's right! It wasn't me who was wrong. It was the world! The world has to change. So I will change it.

Urabe: We've been waiting for you, Master Zero. Please give us your orders.

Lelouch: Very well. Because, after all, I am Zero. The one who'll crash the world and the one who'll recreate the world anew.



Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty. I have no intention of assigning this task to anyone else. The one who will kill Zero shall be me.

----------- [ED]

I can't forgive them, I mustn't forgive them!
My memories are my personal and individual reality.
They are the truth and that truth defines me.
Someone trampled them.
I was tamed like a domestic animal and then looked down upon as a mere bait.
The time for payback is come.
Now I'll give Britannia something to remember -- the true meaning of Zero's return to this world.
Because I no longer have need for their deceptive rule.
  