
  The young Britannian Lelouch vowed to avenge his mother who was killed 8 years ago.And he pledged to create a world where his younger sister Nunnally could find happiness.For that purpose he gained power from a mysterious girl named C.C.The power of Geass. The absolute ability to compel any person to do whatever he commands.Lelouch used this power to embark on a path of destruction.Aimed at the heart of the Holy Britannian Empire ruled by his father.But at the end of that path what will he have gained and what will he have lost.Geass is called a power of the king. Yet of this power only one thing is clear.Those who use it walk a path of solitude.

Charles: It's been a long time, Lelouch, my prodigal son.

Lelouch: Answer my question about 8 years ago! Why didn't you try to protect mother!? You knew the others were plotting against her! You knew everything!

Charles: People are not equal.

Lelouch: What?

Charles: You have a unique form of Geass. A power that no one else possesses. Use it. To get the answer from me.

Lelouch: He's baiting me! Trying to get me to use my Geass on him. But if I look into his eyes and he'll look into mine! His Geass requires eye contact just like mine does. So the moment I look his Geass will take control of me and he'll alter my memories. What do I do?

Charles: What's wrong? Are you not my son? A prince of Britannia.

Lelouch: I have no time to make the wrong choice!

Rolo: These orders are from Zero. Search through all facilities. Obey Zero. Bring all corpses to the designated area. We must determine if any of the experimental soldiers are among them.

Black Knights: But this is... a massacre.

Jeremiah: Bartley... I hated you for reconstructing me with this body. But your loyalty to the imperial family was genuine. So be it. I'll make my final decision. I will respect you.

Lelouch: Lelouch vi Britannia commands you. And now... die!

Charles: Very well, then.

Lelouch: I won... I won. Mother... I... I did it.

Kallen: I don't know anything about Lelouch. How many times must I say it?

Suzaku: Would you swear to it solemnly on Shirley's grave? Now you're going to tell me everything with the help of this Refrain.

Kallen: Please don't. Stop it!

Suzaku: You don't have to be afraid. You'll lose your will power soon and then you'll answer all my questions.

Kallen: Brother, help me...

Suzaku: Now you will obey my commands... I will not... be like him!

C.C: How many years has it been since we were together face to face, V.V.? In the end I couldn't run away from my destiny, could I?

V.V: Now I bear the burden of... that destiny...

C.C: Huh?

V.V: ... of immortality...

C.C: What? V.V., are you...?

V.V: So please, Charles... Well, do you swear it?

Charles: Yes. In this world full of lies, we will never lie to each other.

V.V: That's because I... I am your... your big brother...

Lelouch: I killed him. It was so easy. I had questions for a death he should've answered for. But now...

Charles: Oh? Who's? You're impudent, Lelouch.

Lelouch: You're alive? That's impossible. The bullet went through your heart!

Charles: Rotten schemes, deceptions... You really thought you could defeat me with those cheap tricks? You want the power of a king? Then have the courage to come at me like a king!

Lelouch: Die!

Charles: You think that's how a king does it?

Lelouch: My Geass isn't working!

Charles: You still do not understand? I am beyond the power of guns or swords now. No matter how you attack me it's useless!

C.C: Charles, why steal V.V.'s Code now? Why would you kill the older brother you loved so much? V.V., you loved Marianne, didn't you?

Lelouch: He's become immortal, too. I can't win... There's no way I can win!

Charles: I've gained new power in place of Geass. A power that goes far beyond. And so Lelouch, behold and I shall show you the true nature of this world!

Lelouch: What is this?

Ohgi: Chigusa.

Villetta: That was the name you called me when I'd lost my memory. What's my real name?

Ohgi: Villetta. But that doesn't change anything.

Villetta: I'm a Britannian baroness. No matter what the reason, if I don't erase the disgrace of my having loved in an Eleven, I won't be able to live in this world.

Ohgi: I suppose not. If I must die, I just wish it could've been in Japan.

Villetta: You came here knowing I was going to kill you?

Ohgi: Everybody dies. I wanted to choose the time.

Villetta: You could also choose to kill me if you want. Tell me, why did a terrorist save a Britannian in the first place!

Ohgi: In the beginning I thought I could get information from you about Zero. I tricked you. Kept you under surveillance... But while we lived together...

Villetta: I'm your sworn enemy!

Ohgi: But I still love you!

Villetta: Are you insane?

Ohgi: I must be... You are the enemy. But I can't stop myself from loving you!

Villetta: I wish I'd never set eyes on you!

Ohgi: From intelligence...?

Lelouch: What is Geass? I want the truth!

Charles: How strange. A child who's wrapped himself in lies desires the truth from others.

Lelouch: What?

Charles: The false name and false mask of Zero. What has it gotten you!?

Lelouch: Everything! It got me all the things that ordinary people can never obtain! Followers! Territory!

Mask: You lost Euphemia. Suzaku or Nunnally are also lost to your lies.

Lelouch: Shut up! I did what I had to do. People lie to survive. No one is to blame us.

Mask: You want others to know your true self yet you only show them a false face. How can anyone know if you don't reveal yourself...

Charles: If you hide behind mask.

Mask: You are afraid that they'll find out who you really are.

Lelouch: No!

Charles: In the end your lies serve no purpose. Because you are me and I am you. All else is illusion. Though there are worlds without end, there is but one being in the past, in the future, and now, only one!

Lelouch: One? What are you saying?

C.C: Charles. Play time is over now. There's nothing in it for me now. No value in the games anymore.

Lelouch: C.C.?

C.C: You don't have to cajole him like this to get me here. I already exist in this realm.

Lelouch: True enough, C.C. In that case I shall grant your wish.

Lelouch: You know what C.C.'s wish is?

C.C: Lelouch, it's time you knew the conditions of our contract and what I desire. My wish is to die. To end my existence in all worlds forever.

Lelouch: But why? Why would you want to die?

C.C: In the final stage of Geass, the user attains the position of the one who granted them the power. Thus you have gained the power to kill me.

Lelouch: Kill you? C.C...

C.C: Of all those I made contracts with, none has ever reached that point. But now there's Charles. He has done it.

Lelouch: You mean you made your contract with me so that you could cease to exist?

C.C: Correct.

Lelouch: But... why would you want to die?

C.C: It's providence, a boundary. Only when it's finite can we call it life.

Lelouch: That's wrong! We call it life because we feel it!

C.C: Same thing. There is no life unless there is death.

Lelouch: That's just wordplay! It's not real!

C.C: People die. That's real.

Lelouch: Then why are we born at all? What's the purpose of it? The meaning?

C.C: You know the answers. Those things are all just illusions.

Lelouch: No, living just to die is too sad!

C.C: Without death all we have are random events, accumulation, you can't call that life. If you have a reason for living then you have to kill me. Do that and you'll be Charles's equal. You finally be able to beat him. So fare thee well, Lelouch. You're too kind to end our contract.

Lelouch: Wait! You're...

C.C: Charles, why did you steal V.V.'s Code?

Charles: Is there any point in asking such questions? After all you are about to die.

C.C: I suppose you're right.

Lohmeyer: So very well then, I'll proceed with the redevelopment of the Saitama ghetto according to this schedule.

Nunnally: Wait a minute, please.

Lohmeyer: Huh?

Nunnally: Here.

Lohmeyer: Is there something wrong?

Nunnally: This plan you worked out. It isn't going to penalize the Elevens, is it?

Lohmeyer: Of course not. It's the best possible plan for them and for us.

Nunnally: That is... a lie, isn't it? Please rework the plan once more. I don't wish the Elevens to be disadvantaged by it.

Lohmeyer: Princess. I am an expert. Please let me handle that.

Nunnally: Miss Lohmeyer. I... I believed it that I... I'm the viceroy.

Suzaku: After all this my only choice is to confront Lelouch about it directly.

Rivalz: Suzaku, did you finish your work at the bureau?

Suzaku: Have you seen Lelouch?

Rivalz: I guess what happened to Shirley really shook him up. He hasn't been home or at school. Hey!

Suzaku: Where is Lelouch Lamperouge now?

O.S.I. Staff: There is no unusual activity.

Suzaku: I asked where he is! Where's commander Villetta? Where's his brother Rolo?

O.S.I. Staff: As I said, there is no unusual activity to report. It's the same as always.

Suzaku: So that's it. The entire O.S.I. staff has been...!

Schneizel: Please forgive me. I had to speak with Nunnally.

Nina: It's all right. We're still getting ready.

Kanon: What happened?

Schneizel: Oh you know the topic. Lloyd's Camelot group and Suzaku.

Kanon: I meant with the Tromo Agency.

Schneizel: Oh that. It depends on the result of this test.

Nunnally: Yes. My brother Schneizel contacted me. We can raise Area 11 status to satellite region. He said it's in recognition of improved public order and productivity.

Suzaku: That's good news. Lelouch must have been Zero all this time. But if I report that to the emperor what happens to Nunnally?

Charles: If Lelouch regains his memories then I shall simply use Nunnally to deal with him.

Nunnally: Suzaku, you're not hiding anything, right?

Suzaku: Of course not. You're the one person that I'd never lied to.

Nunnally: Then will you tell me who it was I spoke to on the phone that time? Wasn't it my big brother? Suzaku, you're just like him, aren't you? Like my brother.

Rolo: He's gone? Zero's gone?

Black Knights: Yes. We received the signal that he'd sighted the target but he and the Shinkiro are missing.

Rolo: Missing? My brother is...?

Lelouch: Where am I? Hey!

C.C: It's no use. These are on my memories. You can't interfere.

Lelouch: C.C.? No you're not, are you?

C.C: Who are you? Tell me.

Lelouch: I'm Lelouch. I am your...

Sister: Do you have some reason to live, child?

C.C: I know... I just... don't wanna die!

Sister: Then let's make a contract. I will give you a special power so you can survive. And in return one day you will grant me a special wish. Do you swear that you'll do it?

Lelouch: So is this...?

C.C: It is. I swore to uphold that contract.

Ohgi: Stop it! Stop it both of you, please!

Sayoko: I'm sorry about this. We were getting along quite well together.

Ohgi: Stop!

Villetta: Ohgi!

C.C: The Geass I manifested was to make people love me.

Lelouch: Love you?

C.C: Because deep in my heart I... I wanted to be loved by someone. And my wish was granted. Because of my Geass I was loved by everyone. But in the end it was too much. Love without limit was love without meaning. I forgot what love really was. The only person I believed in was her. Because my Geass couldn't work on her she was the one person who would scold me for being trivial. And yet... Yes, yes. I gave back all the gifts I received like you told me to. But it can't be helped, can it? It's because of the Geass. I'm grateful to you sister, but this is a pain for me, too. I'm so tired of all the proposals and flowers. Now some of them are starting a religion around me.

Sister: Then shall we end it?

C.C: Huh?

Sister: I need someone to take my place. Someone with a Geass that's exceptionally strong. So eternity can finally end for me. Can you imagine the agony? The hell of living on and on for eternity?

C.C: What are you talking about?

Sister: I'm sorry dear. I'm afraid I tricked you!

C.C: She had just pretended to be friends with me right from the start. I was a tool. A way for her to end her life. That's all. You're still not in here. That means you're not from my past. You're a real person, aren't you?

Lelouch: Am I? I couldn't really say.

C.C: I wonder if you're very important to me.

Lelouch: That's impossible.

C.C: Oh? The fact you were sent here means I wanted to try to save you from something or someone. The people who hated me, the ones who were kind to me, all of them eventually vanished into the flow of time. The endless flow of eternity.

Charles: But now your tormented days...

C.C: Yes, they're over now. My long journey ends here.

Lelouch: C.C.!

Charles: You've opened it, Lelouch. The Thought Elevator.

Lelouch: I see it now. This room of existence is itself a system for interfering with thought!

Charles: Soon it will be over. Lelouch, sit where you are and watch!

Lelouch: Stop it! C.C. is mine. She's my...! Tell me C.C., why didn't you make me take your place? You could've earned your death that way. Force me into your hell of eternal life! C.C., I wasn't out of pity, was it? Don't die looking like that! You should come to death smiling. I promise you to smile you never had! Please!

Charles: What do you think you're doing, C.C.?

Lelouch: You have stolen enough from me already, father! You won't have her, too!

Charles: No! xxx . [/ not real...really at all].

Lelouch: I know what it was now. I understand what your Geass was! And I know your true wish! Come closer! Let me reach you!

Researcher: F.L.E.I.J.A. activation, confirmed.

Researcher: It worked!

Kanon: I can't believe the explosive force!

Resercher: Chief, congratulations!

Nina: Oh no. The whole staff at Invogue deserves the credit.

Schneizel: You'll have to accept the compliment, Nina. You are a genius!

Nina: I'm very honored, Prince Schneizel. Now war itself will change, and mankind, with it.

Schneizel: Damocles is here at last.

Lelouch: Hey, we're back C.C. Wake up. I've already contacted Rolo. We'll use him to get out of here.

C.C: Who are you, sir?

Lelouch: What are you saying? We need to talk about the emperor and...

C.C: Are you... my new master? I can clean and help prepare food for cooking. I can also fetch water and tend cows and sew. I can read a little and count to twenty. Oh, I can even carry away corpses if you need that...
  