
Minami: Ohgi, are you sure you wanna go through with this?

Ohgi: Yeah, I have a duty to get everyone to safety.

Minami: But...

Ohgi: No. I'm just sorry I did this to you, everyone in a battle field controlled by F.L.E.I.J.A.s.

Kallen: Another F.L.E.I.J.A. strike...

Cecile: Twammi fleet is totally obliterated. The operation...

Lelouch: I'm not going to stop it. Stay just out of the Damocles range. The Avalon falls back as ordered. All units, attack in waves and force the Damocles to continue launching F.L.E.I.J.A.s.

Nunnally: How easily. It's so easy... for me to...

Schneizel: Nunnally, we're ready to fire the next one.

Nunnally: Right.







Lelouch: It renders tactics useless.

Jeremiah: However, if I cat get within a tight range, they won't be able to use it! A blaze luminous!

Sayoko: But it's so immense.

Cecile: The Damocles was specially designed and built to achieve absolute air superiority. If it reaches a certain altitude, we'll lose our only chance against it!

Lelouch: Suzaku, can you break through those defenses?

Suzaku: I'm trying. But their power output is in a different league than mine. But I don't think they can fire a F.L.E.I.J.A. now.

C.C: And in turn, our attacks can't break through their shield, we may as well be spectators.

Sayoko: Is there nothing left but for the world to accept to cower before the crushing might of the F.L.E.I.J.A.s?

Lloyd: Well, that offers a sort of peace, too.

Lelouch: Mass our remaining forces around the Avalon. We're going to launch a direct assault on the Damocles with our hostages on board.

Lloyd: Sure about that?

Lelouch: Your return here means it's nearly figured out, I presume.

Lloyd: The rest depends on you and Suzaku, Your Majesty.



Xingke: Schneizel, are you trying to kill the captives, too?

Schneizel: Now that the Black Knights have been beaten...

Xingke: We aren't beaten yet!

Schneizel: Very well then. I'll wait ten minutes.

Xingke: Ten minutes?

Schneizel: Aren't you talking to me because you're already in position to counterattack?

Xingke: All right, fine. Ten minutes.

Kanon: That's a hefty loan, sir. Considering we need ten minutes to prep the next shot.

Schneizel: It saves me from dealing with them after the battle.

Diethard: Are you saying you don't need the Black Knights anymore?

Schneizel: What purpose would a collective military strength possibly serve?



Milly: Hey, Rivalz.

Rivalz: What's up, Prez?

Milly: It's amazing. I mean, when you think about it, our student council members are fighting the whole world.

Rivalz: What? Is that sarcasm? 'cause I wasn't able to protect Nina. Correct?

Milly: Don't beat yourself up. You did your very best.

Rivalz: I tried. But I...

Milly: No. You really did.



Lelouch: From behind?

Suzaku: The Black Knights!

Xingke: I'll defeat you myself, I swear!

Lelouch: Sneaking from behind, Xingke!

Suzaku: I won't let the Avalon be shot down! Xingke, you're fail!

Xingke: Justice weighs on my side!

Suzaku: It's over! What the...?!

Tohdoh: Kururugi!

Suzaku: You dare fighting in your condition?

Tohdoh: You turned your back on your country in order to climb in rank. So here's the ugly way it ends! What is this you fight for?

Suzaku: The one thing I want to fight for is a future!

Tohdoh: Your future is worthless! I've failed...

Chiba: General!

Suzaku: Damn it!

Schneizel: Oh? They've done better than I expected.

Soldier: Primary float system damaged. Damage level 75%.

Lelouch: It's failed. The Avalon is falling.

Suzaku: I can't let them board it!

Tamaki: Hold it, hold it, hold it! Okay now to settle things once and for... Huh? I'm not giving in... I've got pride too, you know?

Suzaku: I wasn't in time! Did they get in?

Xingke: If we engage them in close combat, we have a chance to take over their power and communications. Then rescue the hostages!

Xianglin: We hear and obey!

Lelouch: Holding out this long was good enough. Land the ship in the Pacific. You'll now follow mission Apate Aletheia.

Sayoko: Master Lelouch...

Lelouch: You have served me well. I'm grateful for the resolve you've all shown.

Everyone: Yes, Your Majesty.

Arthur: Meow.



Schneizel: Should we fire another F.L.E.I.J.A. now?

Kanon: We still have our blaze luminous and should wait for criticality.

Schneizel: Good point. But it's an excellent opportunity to eliminate the Black Knights. No, I suppose we shouldn't. That's too ambitious.



Lelouch: Yes, I understand. This is a personal request from me. However...

Nina: It was Princess Euphemia's wish, too, wasn't it?

Lelouch: Yes. Which is why I have to do it.

Nina: But for the device to be completed, the environmental data needs to be entered into the final program. You should let me go with you.

Lelouch: No. You've done enough for me, Nina. What you just said reveals your true feelings about this. Yes. You've done enough for me, for Zero, Euphy's murderer.

Nina: I won't find it in my heart to forgive Zero. Maybe not for the rest of my life. But... this is separate from that. I simply had to find my own answer to everything that's happened. That's all there is to it.

Lelouch: You're truly amazing.



Lelouch: C.C., are you all right?

C.C: Well, that's a switch. Were you really worried about me?

Lelouch: You're a valued combatant.

C.C: That's why I came to pick that up.

Lelouch: Then, will you be escorting me?

C.C: You're going out there? Though taking such action can mean you'll have to kill Nunnally yourself.

Lelouch: I have no choice if she stands in the way of the Zero Requiem.

C.C: Lelouch, don't you hate me for cheating you out of your own life? By giving you your Geass, I affected your life and drastically changed your fate.

Lelouch: That doesn't sound like you, the immortal witch. C.C., the Geass power you gave me, it only put me on the path that will lead to my destiny and nothing more. Everything that followed was my choice.

C.C: In all my life, I've never met a man like you.

Lelouch: C.C... Kallen!

Kallen: I'm going to stop you! Good bye, Lelouch.

C.C: Leave this to me. Get to the Damocles!

Kallen: You stubborn!

Lelouch: Stop! You're no match for the Guren.

C.C: I'm sincerely glad that you care, Lelouch. Now go on. Hurry. Just make sure you come back. That'll make me smile, okay?

Lelouch: Yes. I promise you. I have to succeed no matter what. This move must work!



Soldier: Enemy Knightmares approaching. The Shinkiro is leading them.

Schneizel: Lower the blaze luminous away from the F.L.E.I.J.A. launch tube immediately. We're going to redirect our aim at the Shinkiro. Lelouch, discarding your life at the end? How unsightly.

Soldier: Realignment, complete.

Schneizel: Nunnally, it ends now. Can you do this?

Nunnally: Yes. Brother Schneizel.

Soldier: Blaze luminous lowered.

Schneizel: Now.



Lelouch: Right. Entering data.

Nina: The F.L.E.I.J.A. changes composition from moment to moment. If we collide it with the reaction corresponding to that composition, we can prevent it from reaching criticality.

Lloyd: However you need to input the local environmental data just prior to the detonation within a 19 second time frame.

Cecile: And even if you complete the program, you'll only have 0.04 seconds to execute.

Schneizel: With this, peace will come.

Lelouch: Suzaku!

Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty!

Lelouch: Now!

Nina: It should work in theory. But... Princess Euphemia...!

Kanon: The F.L.E.I.J.A.?

Diethard: It disappeared?

Nina: It worked? They did it? In 19 seconds and then in 0.04 seconds?

Schneizel: I didn't expect them to have made a toy like that.

Lelouch: Ready? Fly in!

Kanon: They've gotten through the blaze?

Schneizel: They have indeed.

Soldier: Enemy infiltration, alpha-3!

Nunnally: Where's the key? I must find the Damocles key!








Soldier: Delta block, communications cut!

Soldier: Float control room 6 has been destroyed!

Soldier: Prince Schneizel!

Schneizel: My kudos, Lelouch. I salute you. For forcing me to implement my final plan.

Kanon: Huh? You're really going to do that?

Schneizel: Yes. Turn the Damocles into a prison for Lelouch and the others. After we've abandoned ship, we'll obliterate the Damocles entirely with the F.L.E.I.J.A. What a fine coffin for him. I'm certain you'll be pleased with it, Lelouch.

Suzaku: If Damocles reaches satellite orbit, even the Lancelot would be useless against it. To win we need to stop Schneizel.

Lelouch: I'm analyzing the internal structure. I have to break the password. What?

Lelouch: Gino!

Gino: Lelouch, I refuse to accept you and your Britannia. I'll destroy you here and now.

Lelouch: How is it... so powerful!

Suzaku: Gino!

Gino: Suzaku!

Suzaku: Lelouch, go on ahead. There's an enemy to be defeated and someone to be rescued. It's all up to you. Go!

Lelouch: Right.

Gino: Coward!

Suzaku: You insist on fighting me, Gino?

Gino: Yes, I will do whatever it takes to protect something I love.

Suzaku: And I'm fighting for the same reason!

Gino: To protect what?

Lelouch: Is Schneizel on the control and command floor? Or else could it be...



Soldier: Seventh sequence, F.L.E.I.J.A. detonation point's set to within the Damocles.

Schneizel: Damocles and F.L.E.I.J.A.s are simply machines in the end. We can always rebuild them.

Kanon: But sir, you know the Tromo Agency doesn't have the resources. Nor does Rosenberg.

Schneizel: Yes. But Lelouch is now the enemy of the world. If it turns out that our system has destroyed him, there will be plenty of organizations happy to build F.L.E.I.J.A.s for us.

Kanon: Isn't that basically terrorism? Besides, there's Princess Nunnally's opinion to consider also.

Diethard: Why care what she says. Bait has no opinion.

Kanon: What do you mean? You're abandoning her?

Schneizel: World peace or a single life. It's sad to say, but one cannot be compared with the other.

Nunnally: Where is it... where is the key? I have to stop Lelouch.



Jeremiah: We have to hold out here. Until His Majesty completes his mission!

Anya: I despise what Lelouch is now.

Jeremiah: The Knight of Six? Now that's a fitting opponent for me.



Kallen: You have no country. You have nothing to avenge! You also don't have a shred of ambition! Someone who has no reason to fight should just leave!

C.C: I've made a reason to fight. A promise.

Kallen: Are you saying that you love Lelouch?

C.C: I don't know. But I believe that the time has finally arrived for me to stop accumulating experiences and start living.

Kallen: That makes you sound almost human.

C.C: Well done. Kallen, I can see it you win.

Kallen: Don't care. 'cause to me it doesn't matter. Bye, now.

C.C: Winning or losing, I never would have thought that those feelings were still inside me alive and well.



Nunnally: The key... where is the key? It's got to be here... I have to stop Lelouch... And it's all up to me to do it. If only I could...



Soldier: Standing by to launch. Rendezvous point with Sir Hartgren as planned. No changes. Course, clear. Ceiling, favorable. Please set contact channel to Victor.

Lelouch: I've been waiting for you, Schneizel.

Schneizel: I see. I suppose this means that you have me in checkmate. Please tell me. I'm dying to know. Just how did you discover what my plan was.

Lelouch: You're mistaken. What I anticipated was the pattern of your own nature.

Schneizel: My nature?

Lelouch: You don't have the desire to win. You remember that chess match at the Vermilion Forbidden City. And the coup d'etat of the Black Knights. You only play games you can't lose.

Schneizel: So you predicted that I will abandon the Damocles?

Lelouch: Schneizel, this time I'm going to make sure that you lose.

Schneizel: Meaning I'll be put to death.



Xingke: Hong Gu, move from corridor 3 to take the bridge. U.F.N. representatives...

Tianzi: Xingke!

Xingke: Your Majesty, you're all right?

Tianzi: Yes. We were saved by those people over there.

Sayoko: That's correct. Master Xingke, we're now on your side.

Xingke: You all betrayed Lelouch, then?

Tianzi: Huh?

Sayoko: And for a valid reason he's threatened us. However, now that Lelouch is no longer here...

Kaguya: At the very least, we believe that the others think dictatorship is wrong, and we'll never support it.

Xingke: Very well, then.



Villetta: Yes. The final battle will most likely take place within the Damocles. Ohgi, I mean, the secretary general...

Claudio: Either way, you're saying he's okay, right?

Villetta: Yes.

Cornelia: My brother didn't kill me. I'm still here after all I've said and done. In a more normal world he would be an excellent ruler. He hasn't driven by the ambition that egoists have. I was a fool not to have seen that. Wouldn't you agree?

Guilford: Princess, I...

Cornelia: Guilford, you're never going to stop calling me that, are you?



Lelouch: I have a question. Were you intending to use the Damocles as a tool to dominate the world?

Schneizel: I wasn't. I only wanted to give everyone what they wanted. To bring peace to civilization.

Lelouch: Disregarding humanity's true nature?

Schneizel: That's a matter of opinion.

Lelouch: Then you actually imagine that you can maintain the world in a perpetual state of now. But, life without change might be called anything except life. It's nothing more than experience.

Schneizel: But, link those together and they become knowledge, right?

Lelouch: Schneizel, you truly are superior. So superior you can't even see it. Yes. Emperor Charles sought the past, you seek the present. But I seek the future.

Schneizel: But the future may prove to be worse than the present.

Lelouch: No. It will be better. Because no matter how long it takes, people will continue to seek out happiness.

Schneizel: Even though that will end up making people greedy. Your foolery also knows no limit. You're really too emotional about this. Hope and dreams are merely names for aimless fiction.

Lelouch: You're restricted. Since you belong to the symbol known as the royal family, which looks down on the world. I've seen it over and over. The people who struggle against sadness, those who seek the future. How they all carry on wishing for happiness. Human nature is why I chose Geass and to wear a mask.

Schneizel: Lelouch, you're contradicting yourself. You, who continually deny the will of others, are standing here before us affirming the will of humanity. That's enough. Kill me now and be done with it. But, a F.L.E.I.J.A. will still decimate you. We will gladly give our lives to bring peace to the world.

Lelouch: And that's how I came to my decision that I give you the gift of the words. You shall serve Zero.

Schneizel: Then you never intended to kill me at all. You wanted to...!

Kanon: Highness...

Diethard: Damn it! Why didn't I see it coming... He anticipated Schneizel's thoughts and recorded that conversation.

Schneizel: Order me to do whatever you wish, Master Zero.

Lelouch: Schneizel, your willingness to let yourself be killed, is exactly what is led you to be defeated.

Diethard: Don't move! Zero, this story is finished! You never should've come this far! You shouldn't even be alive, you bastard!

Lelouch: What right have you to deny my existence. You have none.

Kanon: Prince Schneizel, a man who sacrifices his own life without any hesitation. Such is the power of Geass.

Diethard: Zero, at least finish me with your Geass, too...

Lelouch: Sorry, Diethard. You're just not worth wasting my Geass on. Now Schneizel. You can begin by canceling the self destruct for the Damocles.

Schneizel: Understood. However Nunnally is the one who has the F.L.E.I.J.A. control switch.



Suzaku: It doesn't matter how strong you made your machine, you won't beat me!

Gino: We'll see about that!

Suzaku: And this is the result, Gino.

Gino: Now I've done what I came to do here.

Suzaku: He damaged the blaze luminous system?

Gino: Now, Kallen!

Kallen: Thanks, Gino! Suzaku, I've come to end it. Our continually crossing paths.



Nunnally: It's you, isn't it, big brother?

Lelouch: It is.

Nunnally: The reason you're here must be this. Did you come for the Damocles key?

Lelouch: Yes. It's dangerous. Dangerous to you.

Nunnally: Then that's why... why I won't close my eyes to things any longer.

Lelouch: She's broken father's Geass... with her own will?

Nunnally: Now Lelouch. Will you use your Geass? On me as well?







Lelouch: Perhaps I've only been wandering since that day we first met. I was so sick of a world that never changed. But I couldn't give in to the despair by telling lies to myself. Yes, my name, my personal history, the power I've gained... Maybe it's all been the path for me at the end of which I'll find the truth. Perhaps that's what I've sought all along. Well, then...
  