
  The world continues moving on.Thanks to miracles which Zero has performed.The world is being reborn.Thanks to actions which Zero has taken.Yes. The world is moving to the next stage as it should.Against conflicting emotions Zero must carry on.For the hands which mark time cannot be stopped.

Guilford: I came alone as I promised. Now what's the meaning of this, Jeremiah? If you have information on Princess Cornelia's whereabouts then why do you need to tell it only to me in secret?

Announcer: The Black Knights are approaching the Kagoshima coast. But rest assured. There's no need to worry. Under the command of Lord Waldstein, the Knight of One, we Britannian shall...

Soldier: This is already Britannian territory. Don't let a single soldier land here.

Xingke: The enemy has fallen for our plan. They'll be shorthanded in the south so dispatch our landing forces to shore.

Soldier: Enemy headed for Yamaguchi.

Soldier: Garcia team, wiped out!

Soldier: Damn the Black Knights! How did they amass this strength?

Soldier: We thought we could hold our territorial defense line, but after what Xingke did to us in the battle of the East China sea...

Bismarck: All right. Don't panic. As long as we are able to defend Area 11, all the imperial armies led by Prince Odysseus and the other royal family members can rush into the U.F.N. territories. The remaining Knights of the Round are deployed on the front line as well.

Kaguya: Or to put it another way, if Japan is liberated, the other colony areas of Britannia will spring into action one after another which will redefine the map of the world.

Bismarck: In summation...

Kaguya: It's the decisive battle!

Lelouch: Has it really been eight years? Eight years since Nunnally and I were left on our own at Kururugi shrine. And there...

Suzaku: How do you like that, you stupid Brit!

Lelouch: That was where we first met Suzaku.

Suzaku: I don't need a reason to save when I wanna save or do what I wanna do!

Lelouch: You always were stubborn. But of course that was the reason. The reason you became the first and only real friend I ever had. And that's why. Why I think I'll take a chance on you, Suzaku. If you can accept me, and perhaps...

Luciano: This will hardly do for me. Why such meager offerings.

Soldier: The Vampire of Britannia!

Soldier: [I'll?] hit him at the same time!

Soldier: Right!

Soldier: Six-way charge attack!

Soldier: What the...?

Luciano: Question - What do people value most?

Soldier: Stop it, please!

Luciano: That's right. Your own life.

Soldier: Please! No!

Xianglin: Our left wing is crumbling, master Xingke. It's one Knighmare with unique breakthrough power.

Xingke: Dispatch Indira's team for support. Have left wing teams fall back at one. Decoy and isolate enemy unit.

Xianglin: Roger.

Kaguya: As far as I'm aware, Prince Schneizel ought be staying in Tokyo.

Schneizel: There's nothing to fear. The Knight of One, the strongest in the empire, is in Kyushu. If we can just ride this out and remain anchored in Tokyo, this will only look like minor trouble to foreign countries.

Britannian: Yes, Your Highness.

Schneizel: It'll be all right, Nunnally. I expect this war will be over soon. I have a knack for reading these situations.

Soldier: With Savage Valkyrie squadron repel the ambush troops from Nagasaki...

Soldier: Now dispatching reinforcements to Shimane.

Soldier: Send Sir Morrey to the front as backup.

Soldier: Sir Karim, fall back. Rendezvous with Sir Lasceaux and regroup your team.

Soldier: It looks as if the enemy offensive is losing steam. And if you join the battle, you'll surely finish this with one blow, Lord Waldstein.

Bismarck: You think so?

Soldier: Huh?

Bismarck: This attack is far too weak for one of Zero's trademark strategy.

Soldier: Prepare to launch. Special equipment unit one, provide support. Galahad, launch.

Suzaku: You came alone?

Lelouch: I promised I would.

Suzaku: You have a lot nerve coming here.

Lelouch: According to this particular situation there were 31 routes I could take. Especially with Britannia being so loose with the routes relating to the loyal family.

Suzaku: That's not what I meant, Lelouch. Showing your face in front of me, that's what took nerves. Not your own daring. But you promised? I have no reason to believe any of your promises at this point.

Lelouch: Then explain to me. Why did you come here alone as well? After what you did.

Suzaku: You wanna know? I'm fed up with lying. I've had to lie to Nunnally. Just the way you have. That's the worst thing. Some friend you were. You've been betraying me all along. Not just me, either, but everyone on the student council, too. And even Nunnally. And don't forget Euphie!

Asahina: Are you sure about this, Tohdoh? We just wait here?

Tohdoh: We still haven't received a word from Zero.

Chiba: But now that the Knights of the Round have joined the battle. Even general commander Xingke is no match.

Tohdoh: Have faith in Zero.

Asahina: How can we? After he brought Orange and that Rolo person into our ranks without conferring with us first.

Chiba: Don't you feel that he's keeping too many secrets from us?

Asahina: Like when he took Kinoshita on that secret mission?

Tohdoh: We need Zero's abilities now more than ever. Haven't we already discuss this many times with Ohgi as well as the others?

Asahina: So what if Japan is liberated?

Chiba: Right. What happens then?

Tohdoh: Rakshata, where are Ohgi and Diethard?

Rakshata: Dunno.

Ohgi: All right. Just what are you trying to achieve by threatening me, Diethard?

Diethard: Threatening you? Oh, no. I'm simply asking you to continue working as a member of the Black Knights as you have been.

Ohgi: What do you mean by that?

Diethard: Look, I'm only saying that I don't want you to be any trouble to Zero. That's all.

Ohgi: Why? There are plenty of people who can replace me.

Diethard: You're valuable for the simple reason that you're a man of ordinary character.

Ohgi: Huh?

Diethard: Organizations need more than brilliant leadership and star players in order to succeed.

Suzaku: I need to know. Did you use your Geass power on Euphie? Be honest.

Lelouch: Yes.

Suzaku: You caused her to massacre the Japanese?

Lelouch: I ordered her to do it.

Suzaku: Why would you use your Geass like that? Answer me!

Lelouch: To motivate the Japanese people. If the specially administrated zone of Japan had been established, the Black Knights would've collapsed.

Suzaku: And Shirley's death?

Lelouch: Also my fault.

Suzaku: You aren't even a human. You know that? Shirley and Euphie were both of them nothing more than pawns for your ambitions?

Lelouch: Yes, that's right. So all the sin is mine alone to shoulder. My little sister had nothing to do with it.

Suzaku: Why, you coward! How could you use Nunnally like that?

Lelouch: Suzaku, I'm sorry.

Nunnally: And he always played Santa Claus for me. Big brother would dress up like him and even stuff pillows under his shirt.

Kallen: The face of the kind older brother and the mask of Zero... Which is the real Lelouch?

Gino: Huh? He isn't here either? By any chance, have you seen Suzaku?

Kallen: No, I doubt he'd come here.

Xingke: Send Hong's unit into the right wing and get ready for the second charge.

Bismarck: You're the commander, are you not, sir?

Xingke: Came to crash the head of the snake, have you? It's a basic tactic.

Bismarck: Behold Excalibur! The holy sword bestowed upon me by His Majesty himself.

Lelouch: For the first time in my life, I'm bowing down to another person. Shame and honor mean nothing to me. All I want is this, my Geass be damned! Just please. You have to save Nunnally. I beg of...

Suzaku: After everything you've done, you really think this is efficient? You believe that some bowing and begging is enough to get me to forgive you?

Lelouch: No, of course I don't. But it's all I've got. I have nothing else left to offer. And you're the only person in the world who could save my sister now.

Suzaku: So you believe that I'll just ignore the past and forgive you? That everyone is going to forgive you? The people you've tricked. The people who died thanks to you. And what about Euphie? You wanna apologize? Then bring Euphie back to life. Right now! I wanna see you save the world with all your malice. Right now! You're Zero, the miracle worker, aren't you?

Lelouch: I've performed no miracles. It's all been calculation and stage production. The mask they call Zero is a symbol. Just the device so let's me tell lies.

Suzaku: A device? You really expect me to buy that excuse, do you? If you are going to tell a lie, then keep it up to the very end.

Lelouch: I can't go back to the past. It's not a choice. You know I can't undo that's already been done!

Suzaku: Lelouch, you will answer me! Why did you use your Geass on me to make me wanna live? Why!

Suzaku: The Geass you used on me that drives me to live has corrupted my convictions. Why would you put such a curse on me?

Lelouch: I only did it because I wanted to survive.

Suzaku: Then why did you save me when I was accursed Princess Clovis's murder?

Lelouch: I wanted to make the Japanese trust me. That's all.

Suzaku: Why did you save the student council members from the hotel jacking?

Lelouch: Because I thought it presented ideal opportunity for the Black Knight's debut.

Suzaku: The look in his eyes. I know that look. The look of torment that comes from bottling up a lie. That's why I joined the Britannian army. For redemption. So that the tragedy wouldn't repeat itself. You're lying, aren't you? Lelouch, there's only one way to redeem yourself for those lies. Turn your false fits into the truth.

Lelouch: Huh?

Suzaku: You told the world a lie when you proclaim that you're a knight for justice. Why don't you live up to that lie by trying to become a true knight of justice? Then you'll have to keep the lie going to the very end.

Lelouch: But how? How could I do that?

Suzaku: By putting an end to this war. You are Zero. This job, only Zero can do it. It's within your power, bring peace and happiness to the world. If you do that, I'll save Nunnally.

Lelouch: You will? You'll save her?

Suzaku: But we'll work together. One more time for her sake.

Lelouch: I'm grateful. The two of us together, we can accomplish anything.

Suzaku: What the...?

Soldier: Hold it right there, Zero!

Edgar: We've already uncovered your true identity.

Soldier: Are you all right, Sir Kururugi?

Soldier: Please step back.

Lelouch: Suzaku. You set me up from the start!

Suzaku: No, wait.

Kanon: You've done a great deed here, Sir Kururugi. Excellent work. You've managed to bring this war to an end.

Lelouch: I see. You planned to sell me out again. You betrayed me, Suzaku. You betrayed me!

Gino: It's because Suzaku has been acting so weird lately. I thought this might help to take his mind off things for a while.

Kallen: This was in the student council room?

Gino: Yeah. I found it hidden deep in a locker like it was something valuable. There are a few photos missing here and there, though. Ones of you, too. But I suppose he couldn't leave evidence that shows him palling around with a terrorist. Yet, everyone appears... well...

Kallen: That's right. He...

Gino: He can look like that, too. Huh?

Kallen: Huh?

Gino: I've never seen Suzaku smile like that. He's so happy.

Kallen: Good for him.

Gino: Hey, look.

Kallen: What?

Gino: I understand that you're a Britannian-Eleven half-breed, right? If you chose the name Stadtfeld instead of Kouzuki, you could very well have a good life, couldn't you? Even become one of the Knights of the Round if you have such ambitions.

Kallen: Is this going somewhere?

Gino: What I mean is wouldn't you like to come back over to our side, Kallen?

Soldier: Sir Bradley, please stop!

Luciano: Oh, backup. You've taken so many hits, you're only going to crash anyway. So in light of that, I, Luciano will use your plight to our advantage. And settle this in one blow.

Xianglin: He's using one of his own ships as a weapon? Fall back at full speed while firing!

Soldier: It's no use. We never make it!

Bismarck: Where do you think you're going? Ah, you show skill.

Xingke: Good. From this position!

Bismarck: Nicely done. Good form. You parried my sword thrust and swiftly attacked in the followed through. You the one named Xingke. The rumors of your prowess are evidentially true.

Minase: General commander Xingke appears to be wounded. Da Long Dan, withdrawing. Chief staff Zhou Xianglin now assuming operational command.

Tohdoh: Zero, what's taking so long?

Guilford: I can't believe Zero's identity is that of a student.

Lelouch: Guilford!

Schneizel: How sad. Zero, killer of royalty. It's tragic that it would turn out to be you, my own younger brother.

Lelouch: Your brother...

Schneizel: However Lelouch, I'm willing to intercede with His Majesty on your behalf. You realize of course that you can't simply be excused for the crimes you've committed but your life may yet be spared.

Lelouch: So you think you can take pity on me!

Suzaku: You mean...

Kanon: Yes. This was all done under orders from Prince Schneizel. He figured that following you will ultimately lead us to Zero. You see? His Highness was well aware of the fact that you and Zero shared an unusual relationship.

Schneizel: Lelouch, even now I do still consider myself your brother. I carry no grudge. Can you believe me when I say this?

Lelouch: And why should I?

Schneizel: You should trust your brother.

Lelouch: I would love to be able to, brother. Unfortunately I'm done with trusting anyone or anything. Because friendship only leads to betrayal.

Lelouch: Lord Guilford.

Guilford: Identify yourself! You're not Orange...

Lelouch: Wait. I just have a request to ask of you.

Guilford: Yes, all right, then. What is it you want me to do for you?

Lelouch: Oh, it's quite simple, really. Whenever you see me assume this pose, you will recognize and acknowledge me as Princess Cornelia. And then...

Guilford: Princess Cornelia, is that you?

Cornelia: Guilford, my knight. It is I. You must rescue me!

Guilford: Yes, Your Highness!

Lelouch: Very good, Guilford. I'm pleased that you noticed it.

Claudio: Stop it, Lord Guilford. What are you doing?

Guilford: Have you gone mad? How dare you hold your captive like that?

Schneizel: Even Lord Guilford has been affected. Now I suppose I have no choice but believe in his power.

Guilford: Princess, we need to withdraw for now.

Suzaku: Lelouch, no!

Lelouch: I bid you farewell. My first and last friend.

Suzaku: Lelouch, come back!

Cecile: Lloyd, I can't believe it. Lord Guilford has turned into a traitor.

Nina: Is it true? We're just standing by?

Lloyd: Prince Schneizel ordered us to so we are complying.

Nina: I had heard that Zero made an appearance but...

Cecile: We haven't been told anything yet. But something critical was disclosed is my suspicion.

Suzaku: I need to know. Did you use your Geass power on Euphie? Be honest.

Schneizel: Sir Kururugi, would you happen to know the reason why Lord Guilford would suddenly betray us like this? As well as why you behave the way you did on Kamine island that time?

Suzaku: Shouldn't we be pursuing Zero right now, sir?

Kanon: There's some important information we need before we can pursue him. Information that only you know, sir Kururugi.

Soldier: Wired C response, confirmed.

Soldier: Synchronization, achieved.

Soldier: Ragnarok backup, reinitializing.

Lelouch: Guilford, we'll proceed on course to the Tokyo settlement.

Guilford: Yes, Your Highness.

Schneizel: Suzaku Kururugi, who are you? A Japanese? An honorary Britannian? A Knight of Seven? Or are you the son of prime minister? The son of Genbu Kururugi? Lelouch's friend? Euphemia's knight? Unless you tell us right now what we need to know they're going to be more unnecessary casualties and destructions before it's over. Just how long... How long will you allow this sad chain of events to continue?

Soldier: Don't worry. The modifications to the settlement's structure are complete. Zero won't be able to collapse it the way he did before.

Soldier: We have word. It's Zero.

Soldier: So, the fool has come.

Soldier: Prepare to attack! You're free to shoot down the Vincent as well.

Lelouch: Don't assume that I was portraying the role of a student in the settlement without reason. Tokyo settlement, I'll bring you to a halt right now!

Soldier: Fire!

Soldier: What?

Soldier: My, my energy filler...

Soldier: A Gefjun Disturber?

Milly: And so that situation will lead us to the... Sorry, viewers, but it seems the power's gone out here in the studio. Are we still broadcasting?

Lelouch: All tasks at hand have been cleared. Tohdoh!

Tohdoh: Acknowledged! Now commencing Seventh Operation!

Minami: Raise the Ikaruga!

Hinata: Ikaruga surfacing!

Minase: All fleet units, surface at will.

Diethard: Ohgi, right now, you realize...

Tohdoh: Yes, I'm aware!

Tohdoh: The main fleet will stay on course through Tokyo Bay, break through into the Tokyo settlement and rendezvous with Zero!

Soldier: All hands, battle stations!

Tamaki: All right, let's do this!

Asahina: This battle...

Chiba: ... will be ours!

Jeremiah: Now I shall prove my royalty for Prince Lelouch and Princess Nunnally!

Bismarck: What? The Black Knights are in Tokyo Bay?

Luciano: Lord Waldstein, I request that you dispatch me and my Savage Valkyrie squadron.

Bismarck: You mean, to the Tokyo settlement? Do you really want to burnish your record that badly?

Luciano: No. I merely take uncommon pleasure in destroying them.

Lelouch: Rolo, how are things on your end?

Rolo: Fine. We're beginning the operation right now. We'll make our way to Nunnally first thing.

Lelouch: Good. I'm counting on you, Rolo. That's right. I was grossly mistaken. I was wrong to think that I could depend on sympathy. Cold and callous, that's the prescription. Unless I keep myself perfectly in this frame of mind, I won't be able to take Nunnally back!

Schneizel: Lelouch, I thought something strange have been going on ever since our brother Clovis was killed. How'll I understand? I understand everything. But now... I'm the one who controlling the game.

Kanon: That's right, Suzaku. If you had only informed Prince Schneizel from the very start, we could've avoided this battle. Being that you're one of the Knights of the Round, you won't be subjected disciplinary action. However, you'll have to answer to the sins of your own heart.

Suzaku: What should I do?

Kanon: Be realistic. The world won't become a kinder place only for you.

Suzaku: Do I have to pilot it? The Lancelot armed with the F.L.E.I.J.A. device? Will I have to use it? On Lelouch?
  