
Charles: The world lies. Thou shall not commit murder. Thou shall not bear false witness. Thou shall not cheat. Thou shall not steal. Thou shall not covet thy neighbor's wife. All of these are lies. Mere illusion. Nothing more. They don't want to be killed. They don't want to be robbed. Using the twin lies of justice and morality. The weak are endeavoring to protect themselves. But the first truth there is that the strong devour the weak. So let us feed upon people, upon wealth, upon riches and power. We of Britannia shall feast upon the raw flesh of the world itself. We must crush this deception and bring forth the truth. All hail Britannia!

Britannian Army: All hail Britannia. All hail Britannia. All hail Britannia...

----------- [OP]

Rolo: You look like you were having a nightmare.

Lelouch: A nightmare...

Rolo: Did something happen yesterday?

Lelouch: No, not really. Rolo, Did I happen to say anything?

Rolo: Huh?

Lelouch: Nunnally...!

Rolo: No, Lelouch. You didn't say one thing. Nothing at all.

Lelouch: I see. The world Nunnally desires, the future Nunnally has chosen, that leaves me, leaves Zero standing in the way. My sister's safety has been guaranteed. She has the Britannian military forces to protect her, and Suzaku, too. He may be my worst enemy. But I trust him to do at least that. Yes, as I'd once hoped he would, and even after I can no longer safeguard Nunnally.

Shirley: Look at this. It says this temple was built a thousand years ago.

Rivalz: That's great. Have you seen the water pistols? I got one for everyone but I can't find them.

Rolo: Hey, what's all the stuff, Prez?

Milly: Some nets, candles, wigs, fireworks and a tambourine.

Rolo: So are those for a class trip?

Milly: Just leave it to me. This will be my second time, you know?

Rolo: Right.

Shirley: What's wrong, Lulu? You just seem sort of down.

Lelouch: No, I'm fine.

Rivalz: Can't sleep 'cause you're thinking about how much fun the trip'll be?

Lelouch: You're correct. Yeah, I'm excited about it.

Shirley: Lulu, you are just like a little boy.

Announcement: Attention all students. The inauguration speech of the new viceroy of Area 11 is about to begin. Please assemble in the auditorium.

Nunnally: How do you do, everyone. I am Nunnally vi Britannia of the royal family, 87th in line to the imperial throne. Due to the unfortunate, untimely loss of Duke Clalares recently, I shall be assuming the viceroyship of Area 11 in his place. I am physically challenged in that I am unable to see or walk. Therefore I shall be depending on all of you for help in various things.

Rivalz: But she's so young. How could that girl be a viceroy?

Shirley: She's a royal princess.

Nunnally: Please, help me to help you.

Tamaki: She wants some help, huh?

Sugiyama: This all screw up things.

Nunnally: I realize that this is unexpected but I'd like each one of you to cooperate with me on this. As your new viceroy, I wish to again create the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan.

Britannian: That's absurd!

Britannian: I can't believe she would even mention the name!

Nunnally: In the Special Zone Britannians and Numbers would have equal status. Elevens would be allowed to safely call themselves Japanese once again.

Japanese: She just said Japanese.

Japanese: Are they trying to trick us?

Japanese: She has Suzaku Kururugi.

Japanese: He's Japanese so he should be on our side.

Japanese: Princess Massacre's knight!

Japanese: He's the traitor who shot Zero.

Nunnally: ...although a tragic misunderstanding occurred in the Special Zone, I do not believe that attempt to establish the Zone was a mistake. We need a gentler world. And those of you in the Black Knights, I ask you to please participate in the Special Zone.

Kallen: What?

Tamaki: Not again!

Ohgi: Never again.

Nunnally: ...mistakes that we've made, then we can take the first positive steps to setting things right. I believe this with all my heart.

Suzaku: You surprised me, Nunnally. You are trying to create the Japan's Special Zone again.

Nunnally: Suzaku, what Euphie tried to do, I mean before the disaster happened, wasn't wrong, was it?

Suzaku: No. I can assure you it wasn't Euphie who was wrong.



Announcement: Passengers transferring to the express line, please wait on platform 3. Those transferring to the Senkyo line, please change at the next station. A local train will be stopping at platform #5...

Lelouch: They're not needed anymore, neither Zero nor my battle.



Tamaki: That kid viceroy just wants to repeat what Princess Massacre Euphemia did.

Ohgi: No Japanese person would ever take part in it.

Tamaki: After luring them in with sugary words and slaughtering them? Not a chance!

Ohgi: So, what are we gonna do then?

Tamaki: Have a showdown with the Britannians!

Ohgi: How do we do that when the only Knightmare we have left is one Guren.

Tamaki: We'll just go to Zero of course...

Kaguya: That's right!

Kallen: Lady Kaguya.

Kaguya: I'm in agreement with Tamaki. However, why isn't Master Zero here? Considering his new wife awaits him eagerly, In fact, he failed to write even once while I was waiting him in the Chinese Federation.

Tamaki: Maybe he dumped you for someone else.

Kallen: Don't be ridiculous. It's not true. seriously, it's not!

Kaguya: That doesn't matter at all to me. The greatest men succumb to feminine charm. Grown-up men have basic physical needs.

Kallen: Lady Kaguya, what are you saying?

C.C: Thank goodness. You are a lot more generous than you seem.

Kaguya: I so appreciate you keeping him company while I was away. Thank you.

C.C: No need to thank me.

Kaguya: Here, you as well, Kallen.

Kallen: I...

Kaguya: We three who support Master Zero... Oh, that make us three ladies of his court, doesn't it?

C.C.&Kallen: His court?!



Lloyd: Salutations and greetings...where's Suzaku?

Cecile: He refused to stay here. He went after the Black Knights. We were right in the middle of his complete physical, too.

Lloyd: Well, that's typical of our boy. I'm not surprised. We have to perfect Conquista, right?

Cecile: So, how is it? I mixed peanut butter with turmeric, sugar and wasabi paste and spread it on rye bread!

Lloyd: That's typical of you...



Lelouch: Even though...even though I have been doing all this up until now for Nunnally's sake...

Nunnally: How do you do, everyone. I am Nunnally vi Britannia of the royal family. 87th in line to the imperial throne. Due to the unfortunate, untimely loss of Duke Clalares recently, I shall be assuming...

Man: What's your problem. Watch it! Hey!

Lelouch: I'm finished!



Suzaku: Nunnally may have realized that I lied to her. Even so, she said she wants to carry on Euphie's wishes. And for that, I'll...



Japanese: We told you money first, didn't we?

Japanese: Cough it up, you stinking deadbeat!

Japanese: Loser.

Japanese: Stop it, please! Why are you doing this? Aren't guys Elevens like me?

Mr.Kolchak: Bring the cash next time if you want the stuff.

Japanese: A Britannian?

Japanese: A Student?

Lelouch: Japanese feeding on other Japanese. What a picture. But even worse than that, they commit petty crimes for Britannian.

Mr.Kolchak: Did you call them Japanese?

Japanese: We don't need sympathy from any Britannians!

Japanese: We call ourselves Elevens.

Japanese: And a school boy shouldn't complain about the work we did.

Mr.Kolchak: Yes, I use these Gentlemen to do my bidding but only with their consent, my dear student.

Lelouch: Don't touch me, you scum!

Mr.Kolchak: Why you...!

Lelouch: Now get on the ground and do push-ups.

Mr.Kolchak: As you like.

Japanese: Mr.Kolchak, what are you doing?

Lelouch: And why don't you do some dancing?

Japanese: Wow, yeah, baby!

Lelouch: Do squats! Start howling! Applaud!



C.C: It really makes no difference at all if he doesn't come back here. The one single thing that's important to me is that he remains alive. Oh please, the simplest solution would be for him to stop being Zero. I know, not a very romantic story, is it? Still, at this rate, the Black Knights are over, they're history. Yes, Zero exists for Nunnally's sake. That's what Lelouch said, Marianne.



Milly: Where's Lelouch?

Rivalz: Dunno. What is up with that guy?



Kallen: I figured you'd come here. Where Zero was born. You started it here. This is where it all began.

Kallen: Lelouch, I wanna tell you something. Is that...?!

Lelouch: Refrain... You're familiar with it, aren't you? Brings back memories of the good old days.

Kallen: Don't give me that crap! So what if you failed this time! Can't you come up with another plan and get it back? Just give us orders like you always do. Should I use my Knightmare? Or maybe play decoy? Tell me, I'll do whatever you say!

Lelouch: All right, then, you can console me. There are things a woman can do for that, right?

Kallen: No... Snap out of it, Lelouch! You're Zero now. You have an obligation. You've got to live up to the dreams you once gave us all! So please keep fooling us until you no longer can... We need you to be Zero this time with all your heart. Play your role like you mean it...

Lelouch: Rolo... That's right. You're supposed to keep an eye on me. I'd forgotten.

Rolo: Then why not forget about them? All the heavy burdens that just weigh you down, Zero...the Black Knights...and Nunnally.

Lelouch: Wrong! Nunnally isn't a...!

Rolo: For Nunnally's sake as well. If Zero vanishes, then peace will come to Area 11. Lelouch, you can go back to being an ordinary student again. Be happy.

Lelouch: But...

Rolo: Is there something wrong with that? Wanting happiness isn't a crime. No one would have to be hurt. Look, we still have time to undo what's been done. It's all right. I'll never abandon you, I promise. I'll stay with you as your brother forever, Lelouch.



Charles: Tell me Nunnally. Why would you request this? Why did you want to be Viceroy of Area 11 after learning Zero had returned.

Nunnally: Because, my entire life, I've lived under the protection of my big brother, Lelouch. I may not know where he is at this moment, but I'm sure that he is out there watching me at every turn. Therefore I don't want to make an embarrassing decision as viceroy while he is looking over my shoulder.



C.C: That mask is heavier than it looks. The wearer bears a fate, not just of the Japanese people but that of the world.

Kallen: Yes, but somebody has to...

Suzaku: This is the Britannian military. Your ship's registry and stated course are erroneous. Heave to at once. We will now conduct a forced inspection.

Kallen: They found us?

Tohdoh: It appears so.

Suzaku: Everyone aboard is ordered to disarm and line up on the deck. You have ten minutes to comply with our order.



Lelouch: That's right. Everybody's gone on a school trip.

Rolo: Should we go after them?

Lelouch: No. An empty birdcage suites me just fine for now. Who's firing?

Shirley: Hi, welcome back, Lelou.

Milly: Light some off, too, Lelouch. We have plenty leftover from the festival.

Lelouch: Why are you...what about the school trip?

Rivalz: We couldn't leave you here crying while we three went to have fun.

Milly: 'Cause the important thing about vacations isn't where you spend them, it's all about who you spend them with!

Shirley: Exactly.

Lelouch: Why ...is that a...

Shirley: Oh, you mean this? But these are supposed to make your wishes come true. So I made one! For the life of me, I can't remember who taught me how to make them, though.

Lelouch: And what did you wish for?

Shirley: It's already coming true... Oh a part of it. I wanted to set off fireworks with everyone.

Lelouch: Everyone?

Shirley: For Nina, Kallen...

Rivalz: And Suzaku.

Milly: It goes without saying you and Rolo.

Shirley: And because I only folded one crane, you are the only one who showed up.

Lelouch: A long time ago, Nunnally, Suzaku and I talked about something. We wondered what happiness would look like if we could give it a physical form. If I'm not mistaken, I think it was Suzaku who said that the shape of happiness might resemble glass. His reasoning made sense. He said that even though you don't usually notice it, it's still definitely there. You merely have to change your point of view slightly, and that glass will sparkle when it reflects the light. I doubt that anything else could argue its own existence more eloquently.

Nunnally: They say if you fold a thousand of these cranes your wish'll come true.

Lelouch: What about you? Do you wish for anything?

Nunnally: Hum, I wish the world was a gentler place.

Lelouch: That's right. A gentle world is this close. Even if we were clouded by phony memories, a transparent glass...always...always...always...

Shirley: Lulu?

Rivalz: What are you crying for?

Milly: Lelouch, are you really moved that much by our friendship? You do have a sweet side.

Lelouch: No, you're wrong. It's nothing like that at all. Everyone, I'll launch fireworks with you again some day. We will... We'll do it together right here. I promise. Yes... As a matter of fact, my battle...it isn't about Nunnally anymore.



Britannian Army: It's time.

Suzaku: Commence firing.

Tohdoh: Here it comes. Blow the tanker. That'll scramble the sonar. 30 degrees downtrim. Engines, crash dive! Any contact with Zero yet?

Chiba: Still no response, sir.

Suzaku: We'll assume they're trying to escape underwater. Send out the Portmans.

The Black Knights: Confirming sonar. The engine noise sounds like submersibles!

Tohdoh: Dive us down. If they discover us, we're done.

Suzaku: Fire ASROCs!

Tohdoh: Do not panic! They're guessing where we are!

Britannian Army: Encircle the area centering on Point Theta. We'll smoke the enemy out.

The Black Knights: What?!

Chiba: All sections report leaks!

Kallen: Your orders?

Tohdoh: If we move then they'll find us. We hold out! 

Kallen: What? But...

Tamaki: We are all gonna die!

Lelouch: Q1, do you read me? Q1!

Ohgi: That voice...

Kallen: Zero?!

Lelouch: Your instructions. 50 degrees downtrim, head for point L14. Crash dive, full ahead!

Ohgi: He made it!

Tamaki: Finally! Took him long enough!

Suzaku: Continue depth charge drop. Maintain encirclement.

Lelouch: Fire all torpedoes to detonate dead ahead. Set detonators for 40 seconds.

Tamaki: Straight in front of us?

Ohgi: There's no enemy there.

Kaguya: Let's try firing them.

Ohgi & Tamaki & Minami: Huh?

Kaguya: What other choice do we have? We've got to trust him.

Tohdoh: Set detonators, then launch all torpedoes straight-ahead!

Britannian Army: Torpedo launch, confirmed. Enemy location, tracked!

Britannian Army: They're at point L14. Focus fire on that point. If they surface, I'll capture them myself.

Britannian Army: Salamander to Blue Dolphin. Changing firing angle toward point. Dispatch to Portman expansion zone.

Britannian Army: Rodger that. Tightening up the dragnet. Make sure your target lock's good.

Britannian Army: Salamander, confirming target acquired. Rotating depth charge launch tubes. Ready to fire.

Lelouch: Once the anchors are secure, all hands brace for shock.

Ohgi: It's air?

Rakshata: Now I see. That's methane hydrate.

Britannian Army: What the ..?

Britannian Army: Our buoyancy!

Britannian Army: Sir Kururugi, bubbles!

Suzaku: What the ..?

Britannian Army: Helm!

Britannian Army: No good! We're capsizing!

Suzaku: How could...? Because giant bubbles to rise from the sea floor?

Gino: Suzaku, look at this! It's beyond calling for reinforcements. Take remaining units and go after the Black Knights!

Britannian Army: It's Zero! Zero's heading right for me!

Kaguya: Master Zero!

Suzaku: So this...this is your answer to me?

Lelouch: Don't shoot! Shoot me and you'll be disobeying your lady's orders.

Suzaku: What?

Lelouch: I hereby accept the offer extended by Viceroy Nunnally. Yes, I will join the Japan's Special Zone.

Kallen: He wouldn't.

Ohgi: Zero's surrendering to them?

Tohdoh: But he can't!

Suzaku: Are you serious?

Lelouch: Zero orders you! All members of the Black Knights, You shall participate willingly in the Special Zone!
  