
  The world continues moving on.Thanks to miracles which Zero has performed.The world is being reborn.Thanks to actions which Zero has taken.Yes. The world is moving to the next stage as it should.Against conflicting emotions Zero must carry on.For the hands which mark time cannot be stopped.

Guilford: The emperor has gone?

Cecile: He's disappeared?

Nunnally: He has. I've just received word from Prime Minister Schneizel about it. It's important that we restrict this information to only those present here. He also said that this situation is only known to a handful of people in the homeland.

Guilford: What on earth happened to him?

Nunnally: There is no news on the investigation.

Edgar: Hold on a minute. Won't this affect our plans to attack the Chinese Federation?

Claudio: If His Majesty isn't present to issue a declaration of war then we can't do anything.

Lohmeyer: And there's domestic security. If the Numbers were to learn of this situation you had better have new policies in place.

Nunnally: Well, I...

Lohmeyer: People expect action from authority figures.

Gino: Ah, miss Lohmeyer, do you think you'd like to handle it alone?

Lohmeyer: Sorry, I meant no disrespect.

Suzaku: Is this for the best? With the emperor gone, Nunnally should be safe for now. But...

Lelouch: I've done it! The actions which Britannia has taken prove the emperor is absent. It seems he has truly trapped in the other round. Though I am concerned about what he said before, I am content simply knowing that Nunnally is safe.

C.C: Um... what should I be doing now?

Lelouch: Let's see now. Sing me a song while hopping on one foot and wearing your clothes inside out.

C.C: Yes. Right away, master.

Lelouch: What? No, wait! I was kidding!

C.C: I'm sorry. Please don't beat me hard again.

Lelouch: Her mind is completely reverted. She's now only the slave girl before the power of Geass came. Don't you worry. I would never do anything that harm you at all. It's the truth. I promise you.

Jeremiah: Master Lelouch.

Lelouch: Yes, Jeremiah. What is it? I see. You've got her out of there inside of the Sutherland's cockpit.

Jeremiah: Please forgive me. You ordered to me to destroy them all. But killing a member of the Britannian loyal family was just...

Lelouch: Forget it. Or rather I should say, well done.

Cornelia: Tell me, Lelouch. What is it you're seeking with that accursed power?

Lelouch: What am I seeking? I'm seeking to save a sister that I adore.

Cornelia: How dare you...!

Asahina: Kinoshita.

Kinoshita: Captain Asahina.

Asahina: I see. Blood stains. I'd like to know what was Zero doing.

Kinoshita: Well, I...

Rolo: Won't say a thing. Those are Zero's orders. The details are top secret. Even general Tohdoh isn't allowed to know.

Asahina: You xxx weird confident wait around for a newbie.

Rolo: Value in this team is gained by confidence. And confidence is earned by the Black Knight from Zero himself.

Asahina: That's some trusting value system.

Suzaku: I'm so sorry.

Kallen: What the hell does that mean? There's no need to apologize. It's either right or wrong. You think you can flip on the good guy routine whenever you like? Now when I'm this pissed off! Kallen Kouzuki is a soldier, not a side show. I'm mostly pissed off because you're not resisting. There, put me to death. An inmate assaulting a Knight of the Round should be good reason enough for anyone.

Suzaku: No, I won't. Because I'm the one who did wrong.

Kallen: "No, I won't." I hate you!

Lelouch: And so by ratifying this charter it will get birth to an alliance that'll rival the Holy Britannian Empire. And its name shall be... the United Federation of Nations!

Kaguya: It's wonderful, Master Zero!

Xianglin: There are exiled regime throughout the Britannian colonies. Some have agreed to participate.

Diethard: With this move we've finally earned a just cause to launch a war of liberation.

Tohdoh: A just cause to launch a war...

Xingke: If the forthcoming operation to recapture Japan is indeed successful, then other undecided nations will join us in a chain reaction.

Lelouch: And it will succeed. But we must form the U.F.N. before Britannia could act. Time decides our victory or defeat. I ask only that you cooperate on the focus of our plan. I know representatives here must discuss the needs of their individual countries. But remember, what you decide will change the course of world history!

Milly: Hi, everyone! How are you?

C.C: I'm so sorry!

Milly: It's up-and-coming one-woman festival with Milly Ashford here!

TV: Well, you're not exactly alone, you know.

Milly: Guess what, audience? We're going to the jungle right here in the city!

TV: We are?

Milly: Animal time! That means hot topics with...

Lelouch: I brought you some food, chicken. It's only me. It's called pizza. I think you'd be hungry by now. I really wanted you to have some so asked Sugiyama to help me out. You don't remember, do you? Go ahead. Try it. It's all right. You can eat.

C.C: Okay.

Lelouch: It's good, isn't it?

C.C: Oh yes, yes. It's very really good.

Lelouch: I thought so. I'm glad you like it. Prez, I'm not sure that's the way to start out a new career. I see. That's right. You don't even know what this is, do you?

Anya: Troubled mind?

Suzaku: Nothing but trouble. Even though I chose it myself. Decisions I made eight years back.

Anya: Do you still place trust in him? The you from eight years ago?

Suzaku: Are you asking of the choices I made were foolish?

Anya: Memories that people have are always fake. No point in believing in them.

Suzaku: I'd have to disagree with that.

Anya: But I know it. In my case I kept diary from nine years ago. I don't remember anything from it at all. And there's more I don't trust. The data I store doesn't much any memories I have.

Suzaku: Could that be it? The emperor's Geass? But why use it on Anya?

Anya: Even recent things, my memories don't match the recordings at all. Like when fighting with the Chinese Federation they don't...

Luciano: What do people value most, sir Kururugi, the traitor? Are their own life, of course.

Suzaku: So I see that you've returned from the Belarusian front, Sir Bradley.

Anya: It's the Knight of Ten.

Luciano: I see your skill at courting with the new ladies are still intact. Princess massacre wasn't enough for you?

Suzaku: Speak another untrue word of her name and you will have to face me in a duel, sir.

Luciano: Oh, it seems you've forgotten. I'm very well known as the genius of homicide. Perhaps being only a Number without any true bloodline is...

Suzaku: They sent the Galahad?

Bismarck: Both of you, cease your squabbling!

Anya: The Knight of One. But why would they send Bismarck Waldstein here?

Bismarck: Anya, a foolish question. Obviously the Black Knights will invade Area 11 first. Luciano! I brought the Valkyrie squadron for that here as well. I've also readied Gareths for this event. Now is the time for us to join our forces under the command of Prince Schneizel. So save your solo fronting for the battle field.

Luciano: I understand it well. Whatever you say, My Lord.

Kallen: So Lelouch always acted like that, huh?

Nunnally: My big brother can be so stubborn at times. But actually he's really very kind.

Kallen: My brother Naoto was like that as well.

Luciano: Oh, I'd heard we captured the Black Knight ace but I didn't expect to find such a lovely young girl.

Nunnally: I don't believe I gave you permission to enter this area, Sir Bradley.

Luciano: My apologies, Your Highness.

Kallen: Well, so you're the Vampire of Britannia.

Luciano: Yes. It's a shame we're not on a battle field that I could savor your blood as well.

Kallen: Pity. So you're here to finish off the hostage?

Luciano: Not so. Hostages have only one value I care for. It seems to hold dear is a life. And while alive, one can do anything he has a whim for to its body.

Gino: Have you no sense of pride, dear Sir Bradley? Threatening an unarmed imprisoned woman.

Luciano: The naive child's still getting on by family rulers.

Gino: Hmm, tell me. Are you implying that it's easy to become a Knight of the Round on family recognition alone?

Cecile: Mount the F.L.E.I.J.A. onto the Lancelot?

Lloyd: Well, the intention was for Suzaku to pilot the Guren but...

Suzaku: The Guren?

Cecile: Sorry, he's right. I got so carried away I forgot. It's just Lloyd and I... got so wrapped up in our little hobby, we...

Suzaku: Hobby?

Lloyd: Rakshata's mechanisms are quite easy to tinker with. Now it's so souped up, it can't be flown. End result, you're our little Devicer again.

Nina: Excuse me, professor Lloyd. Now that you mentioned the Lancelot.

Lloyd: You wouldn't mix up a strategic weapon with a tactical one, would you?

Nina: I have thought it through. Any matter caught within the primary area of effect field will be annihilated by the F.L.E.I.J.A.'s rapid sphere collapse.

Cecile: Hold on. You want Suzaku to fire a weapon like that?

Nina: He'd kill his own people. A massacre. Suzaku, you don't consider yourself an Eleven anymore, right? That's why I want to entrust the F.L.E.I.J.A. to you.

Suzaku: You give me that burden?

Nina: You were Princess Euphemia's knight, so naturally.

Lloyd: Hmm, Nina, darling. A fine quandary might just kill Suzaku. And take you along, as well.

Diethard: Yes, we've finished preparations for a worldwide broadcast. Li Xingke and general Tohdoh are in the waiting area. Right.

Lelouch: Very good. After I meet with the Indian and Guinean members, expect me at the assembly. Do not leave this room.

C.C: Okay. And so, later.

Lelouch: Later?

C.C: I mean, see you later.

Lelouch: I'll be off then.

Tianzi: Regarding the union of the nations charter, I will leave explanation of it to Representative of the Supreme Council Kaguya Sumeragi.

Xingke: Are you all right? We could always...

Tianzi: No! I already got the...

Xianglin: You're the empress. We know you can.

Tamaki: Good thing we followed Zero, isn't it, buddy?

Asahina: I'm sure is.

Minami: By the way, where's C.C.?

Sugiyama: I heard that she was still feeling ill.

Tamaki: Morning sickness, huh? Congrats to papa Zero!

Futaba: Tamaki-san, maybe you had a little too much.

Tamaki: Bring on the good stuff!

Tohdoh: A soldier wearing makeup is disgraceful.

Chiba: I have to make you look good. Um, sir. After this... current situation is over, I'd like to propose a request to Kyoshiro Tohdoh.

Minami: Great. You're finally here.

Sugiyama: Is this any time to be running late again?

Ohgi: I know. Sorry guys.

Tohdoh: Ohgi, did you oversleep again?

Chiba: Too slow.

Ohgi: Sorry I'm late. But the truth is...

Diethard: We're all here. Let's go. It's a day to change all of the history books, right?

Announcer: We're coming live to you right over Horai island where the ratification ceremony for the united states charter is about to begin.

Milly: To help viewers understand this development, the ceremony of ratification of this new charter will create federation of nations that will rival our own empire. As parts of the now dissipating E.U. are joining as well, it will have a great unified power. Included from the E.U. are Poland, Italy...

Rivalz: Can't xxx soldiers like Suzaku, no blame at all, why can't I contact to Rolo or Lelouch?

Milly: The Black Knights have convinced all of these representative nations to participate. Therefore, the leader behind this must be Zero. In short, the U.F.N. will most likely be an enemy to Britannia. Military forces are deployed in Kyushu, Chugoku and Hokuriku.

Announcer: As everyone watching this broadcast has witnessed, all 47 nations have just ratified the united states charter. Please stay tuned.

Britannian Soldier: Lord Guilford, we've finished preparations for your troops review.

Guilford: Very good. On my way. Yes? Don't worry, if it's about the troop review I under...

Jeremiah: Lord Guilford.

Guilford: Orange boy?

Kanon: They're forming a union of nations, just as you said.

Bismarck: But the military of each country will never be able to work together.

Lohmeyer: They'll just be an unruly mob.

Schneizel: No. There is an option.

Announcer: ...this charter and those of international accords this article takes precedence.

Kaguya: Finally, article 17 of the united states charter, all ratifying nations do now declare to abandon native military power forever.

Suzaku: Abandon military power...?

Lohmeyer: Are they mad?

Kaguya: To guarantee the security of member nations have agreed to employ a fighting force not affiliated with any one country. They have contracted it to the Black Knights.

Lelouch: We hereby accept. Our acceptance also allows us for U.F.N. funding and personnel involvement. In return, we will become the shield to defend every member nation and its sword to oppose any external foe!

Schneizel: The option, right?

Tianzi: Disturbances in this world are caused by military powers of disparate nations. The U.F.N. shall only use military force in accordance with a full resolution by the supreme council.

Kaguya: And with that I shall put forth the first motion. Japan has been held by unjust foreign power and the U.S.J. have asked for our help to free them from this occupation. I request that the Black Knights be dispatched at once. All those in favor, please stand up. And so with overwhelming majorities, under U.F.N. resolution number 1, the Black Knights shall now go forth to liberate Japan.

Lelouch: So be it. Under U.F.N. resolution number 1, our first operational objective shall be Japan!

Tohdoh: Our Japan. And now we shall take it back!

Rakshata: We might rescue Kallen also.

Ohgi: Yeah, we'll do that.

Charles: Hear me, Zero.

Lelouch: What?

Black Knights: The system's hacked? It's coming in from 14 external paths!

Suzaku: The emperor?

Luciano: Well, look who's back.

Schneizel: Was this fake disappearance you're doing, father? A charade?

Diethard: Switch to the auxiliary line! Cut the link, damn it!

Black Knights: We can't. They've got those as well.

Charles: Zero, you thought this foolishness would surprise me?

Lelouch: Impossible! He's still alive?

Charles: However, it matters not. This charter you made is a child's note. The E.U., once a third of the world, is now dead. You've only helped distinguish Britannia on a map from the rest of the pitiful dirt. The situation is very simple and clear for in the end whoever succeeds in this battle shall gain control of the entire world. Very well. Have at me, Zero. I'm ready. So will you win it all now, Zero, or will you lose everything! Time to learn the gambles of war. All hail Britannia!

Britannian Army: All hail Britannia! All hail Britannia! All hail Britannia! All hail Britannia!

Tohdoh: Long live Japan!

Chiba: Long live Japan!

Britannian Army: All hail Britannia! All hail Britannia! All hail Britannia!

Black Knights: Long live Japan! Long live Japan! Long live Japan! Long live...

Lelouch: The emperor is still alive?

C.C: Um, excuse me. Welcome back.

Lelouch: This isn't good. Not good at all. I have to rescue Nunnally at once! Maybe I could use Cornelia some way. No. The hostage plea would have no effect on him. Perhaps use Jeremiah or Rolo. No, I can't! And Geass won't work on him. Should I reveal to the world that Zero is Lelouch? No! If the Black Knights found out their leader were an enemy prince, I'd lose that too. And rescuing Nunnally is useless if there's no country that will accept us. Damn it! What should I do?

C.C: Um, master, I kept this last piece so you could have it. You left without having breakfast and must be hungry. So please, if you ...

Lelouch: Be quiet! Hey...

C.C: Forgive me, Master. I'll clean it up at once.

Lelouch: No, leave it there. Be careful now. You're bleeding.

C.C: No, it's fine. I'm okay. I get cut up all the time.

Lelouch: All the time?

C.C: Bleeding feels even better when it's cold. It feels warm on your outside. It stings a bit. But only on the outside. And that's always better than hurt on your inside. It's just... Any kind of warmth helps make you try to keep going. Oh, look it, Master, you're shaking. Are you cold now?

Lelouch: Yeah, maybe. Maybe I am. And the hurt on the inside, how's it healed?

C.C: You just think of... some friends. I've never actually had one. Not like families, that always comes and goes, I mean, someone special who stands beside you. At least, I guess that's what I've heard that friends do.

Lelouch: Yes, they do.

C.C: I'm right? A friend will stand by your side?

Lelouch: Exactly right. A friend is always there.

Suzaku: I'm here.

Lelouch: It's Lelouch.

Suzaku: I know.

Lelouch: So, have you seen the news?

Suzaku: About Area 11 becoming a battle field again? Yes.

Lelouch: The Tokyo settlement. It'll be in danger.

Suzaku: Depends. On your decisions. Lelouch, are you Zero?

Lelouch: Yes, I am. I am Zero.

Suzaku: Now tell me why an enemy of Britannia is calling.

Lelouch: Help me! Please save Nunnally. The emperor has been using her as hostage to try lure me into his trap. Don't you see? That's why I've had to operate in secret. Please Suzaku. You're the only person I can turn to now.

Suzaku: How dare you? You think that request means anything to me?

Lelouch: No, I don't. But I need your help. I need it now!

Suzaku: Always so selfish.

Lelouch: Yes. You're all I have. The only friend I can turn to. Suzaku! Protect her. It's Nunnally. My heart's begging.

Suzaku: Very well then. However, one condition. I will protect Nunnally. But you must come to Area 11 by yourself where she is. The place will be the Kururugi Shrine. The two of us meet there. Alone.
  