
  Three great powers control the world.Two of them, the Holy Britannian Empire and the Chinese Federation,are trying to become one through a political marriage.This would be the ultimate threat to the United States of Japan.That is why Zero has acted by kidnapping the Chinese Federation's young empress,the symbol of her nation.Can dreams cut a path through destiny?Can passion triumph over fate?Or are such things ephemeral? Like flower petals fluttering in the breeze.

Soldier: Lady Xianglin, the guests are fleeing the reception hall just as we predicted, but we have reports that Zero has shown up as well.

Tianzi: Zero? Section three, report your break in status. Master Xingke needs backup at once! Could it be...? Is Zero using our plan for his own purposes?

Tianzi: Xingke!

Xingke: Zero! Will you release Her Majesty or not?

Lelouch: Xingke! Do you think you're able to free the empress alone? You're mistaken!

Xingke: You even had a Knightmare prepared for this?

Tohdoh: I never thought the Zangetsu's first mission would be the stealing bride from a wedding.

Lelouch: Tohdoh, get Schneizel.

Tohdoh: Right. I'm on it. He's already here.

Suzaku: Hands off the prince.

Tohdoh: Suzaku.

Suzaku: It can't be. Master Tohdoh?

Gino: Flee while you can, Your Highness.

Schneizel: I guess it can't be helped. Brother.

Odysseus: Yes, I think we should.

Lelouch: Schneizel!

High Eunuch: We should go, too. Leave it to the soldiers.

High Eunuch: Yes.

Chiba: Zero, the operation's on schedule.

Lelouch: Good. Enter phase 3.

Chiba: We're on our way.

Tianzi: Xingke!

Xingke: Damn it!

Suzaku: Yes, now!

Suzaku: The same system as the Guren?

Tohdoh: So, it does work. With this Zangetsu, I can take on a class one warrior like Suzaku.

Suzaku: So be it. I'll pull all you...

Tohdoh: Think! Will you shoot at me in this position?

Suzaku: The Forbidden City. Are they...?

Tohdoh: Suzaku Kururugi, taste defeat!

Suzaku: Kyoshiro Tohdoh, not yet!

Tohdoh: Shadow Longsword!

Suzaku: He got my float unit!

Tohdoh: You could still launch a direct attack?

Lelouch: Tohdoh, return you and your unit. You destroyed the Lancelot's float unit. So he can't pursue us. That's enough for now. We need you here.

Tohdoh: Understood.

Kaguya: Your Majesty, you'll soon be outside the Forbidden City.

Tianzi: Huh?

Xingke: Deploy the Dragon Cavalry to pursue them.

High Eunuch: That is now our task. You were relieved of duty.

High Eunuch: Are they trying to escape through our capital radar surveillance network?

High Eunuch: Absurd. How could they know that? It's barely ten days since they arrived here. There's no way for them to find that out.

Inoue: General Tohdoh, we'll begin resupplying Knightmares from Chiba's Akatsuki.

Tohdoh: Good. Then resupply the Zangetsu and Guren after we return to the Ikaruga.

Tamaki: Okay, take the next left turn.

C.C: Is that correct?

Tamaki: Oops, my mistake!

C.C: Idiot!

Kaguya: Are you all right, Your Majesty?

Tianzi: Are we, outside the palace?

Kaguya: Yes. I'm sorry I didn't expect that your dream would come true in such a violent way like this but...

Tianzi: You remembered about my dream, too! You both did!

Kallen: They don't know when to quit. Get lost!

Tamaki: Now take the next right.

C.C: No, we go straight here.

Tamaki: What? You know how to get there?

C.C: Long ago. There's something I...

Lelouch: Our nation, the United States of Japan, should be thought of as just a part of giant union of united states. Including the United States of China. And for that we need you.

Kaguya: The Indian southern province has already promised support. Mongolia and Burma will probably move with them.

Lelouch: This union of united states will form an axis to oppose Britannia.

Tianzi: But our nation's already a federated system...

Lelouch: All systems are limited. That's why the High Eunuchs sold you to Britannia for their own ambition. That is unforgivable.

Tianzi: Um, it's hard to understand this, but...

Kaguya: Your Majesty?

Tianzi: Huh?

Kaguya: Is Li Xingke the one you'd really like to be married to?

Tianzi: Huh? Oh, no. He just made a promise...

Kaguya: As your fiance?

Tianzi: Well I, I told him I wanted to go outside six years ago.

Kaguya: It was that long ago? He must be destined for you!

Tianzi: You, you think so?

Kaguya: That's great!

C.C: Are you sure you want leave her to Kaguya?

Lelouch: Since the empress doesn't respond to theoretical arguments.

C.C: You don't like that.

Lelouch: It's hard to deal with.

Tamaki: Say, Zero. Have you come up with some kind of position for me yet? I'm wide open, man! Maybe you can pose me as finance minister or head of banking.

C.C: How about grand minister of partying?

Tamaki: I told you to quit making fun of me like that! C'mon, we're all buddies, right?

Lelouch: We'll discuss it after we finish the mission.

Tamaki: Huh? What? The bridge is gone?

Soldier: This is Forbidden City strike force, unit four. Target is currently stopped at Shen Chun.

High Eunuch: They're such fools.

Lelouch: They fell for it just as I thought they would. Asahina!

Asahina: I'm on it. All units ready for attack!

High Eunuch: An ambush?

Soldier: Enemy troops! We are surrounded!

High Eunuch: What? Shoot them, hurry!

High Eunuch: No, wait! The empress!

Asahina: Okay, let's try out these new weapons!

Xingke: They've taken out our strike force, haven't they?

High Eunuch: How did you know that?

Xingke: If I were in their place I'd hang back and stage an ambush at the Shen Chun ravine.

High Eunuch: And then?

Xingke: Then I join up with my main force in Shao Pei.

High Eunuch: Hmm, Xingke, we're willing to overlook your crimes if you can bring back our empress.

High Eunuch: We'll even give you a new weapon.

Lloyd: How is prince Odysseus?

Schneizel: He seems to have calmed down at last. He's resting.

Suzaku: Then, once we replace my float unit, I can go after the empress.

Kanon: No, we can't go there unless requested by the Chinese Federation.

Suzaku: I understand, but we're missing our chance.

Lelouch: That went more smoothly than I'd hoped. Perhaps I should thank Xingke for setting his own plan in motion. He's a talented strategist.

C.C: So how did you find out he was planning a coup detat at the ceremony.

Lelouch: I was working on the same thing.

C.C: Including the E.C.M. and the ambush?

Lelouch: Yes. While we were setting our traps we found some of Xingke's men setting their's on the same escape route.

C.C: I see. Then you got them to tell you their plan. Did you have to use a truth serum?

Lelouch: Yes, it's called Geass. Is there news from Hourai island?

Diethard: Reinforcements from India have already arrived there.

Ohgi: We just have to return and rendezvous with them. How are things with the empress?

Hinata: An attack? Our forward Knightmare unit is being wiped out!

Ohgi: Stop! All units come to a halt!

Lelouch: Strange... It should have at least an hour before we encountered enemy forces. Unless someone is guessing our moves in advance.

Black Knights: A Knightmare?

Minami: Zoom in, hurry!

Lelouch: What is it? Why is it equipped with the same flight system we use?

Xingke: Knightmare frame Shen Hu. And it's only running at 40% of full output. How could the High Eunuchs have built it?

Asahina: Flight-enabled or not, it's only one unit. Surround it!

Chiba: No, hold on!

Xingke: You underestimate the Shen Fu with your peril.

Chiba: How dare you!

Xingke: Silence! You people have no say here! Can you hear me, Zero?

Lelouch: It can't be! Xingke?

Xingke: Zero, you shall not pass!

Kaguya: That's exactly why I'm calling. I want to know why we stopped here. Oh, I see. Yes, it's completely sound proof in here, but...

Xingke: Now, return the empress. Do it and I spare your lives.

Kallen: Xingke!

Xingke: A flight-enabled Guren! Kallen Kouzuki! Even so the Shen Hu will crush you!

Tohdoh: Can we deploy the Zangetsu?

Soldier: Well we just detached float unit so...

Tamaki: Ahhhhh, get him Kallen!

Soldier: But it isn't recharged.

Tamaki: Relax, buddy. She fought off the Knights of the Round before with the Guren just like that.

Kallen: Get a shot! Not bad. But I'm...a Black Knight ace!

Xingke: Show me, Shen Fu. Show me your power!

Yusk: Oh no, that's...

Lelouch: You know what it is?

Yusk: Well, you see...

Rakshata: He knows. Because our team built it.

C.C: What are you saying?

Rakshata: We developed it at the same time as the Guren. But it was too high spec to handle. A one-off kind Knightmare but no pilot could master. Until now.

Kallen: Eat this!

Xingke: Try this!

Kaguya: It's all right. We're going to be all right.

Xingke: The heavenly particle shocking cannon. It's just as powerful...

Kallen: ...as powerful as the radiant wave surger!

Lelouch: But how did our enemies obtain it?

Diethard: The solidarity of Indian forces might be split against us.

Rakshata: That old man, Maharaja!

Ohgi: Does it have a weakness?

Rakshata: It's based on a different design concept than the Guren. There's no radiant wave system. And piloting it takes skills that'll almost be unhuman.

Ohgi: Well there's a human piloting it now, isn't there?

Rakshata: Quite so.

Xingke: I have you. Your fate is sealed.

Kallen: That's right. And so is your's.

Xingke: What?

Kallen: You can't get away from me now. And this way I take you apart!

Xingke: Really? Then I have no choice. I'm going to have to crush you.

Kallen: Let's see you try. My power supply!

Ohgi: Kallen!

Tamaki: I said that she should have recharged first!

Asahina: The cockpit block's wrapped up. She can't eject!

Chiba: We can cut the cables with the pincer move.

Asahina: Roger that.

Xingke: I didn't choose this course, you did. I have only one objective. To release the empress. Release her at once. Damn it! Now of all times. Can I fight like this?

Chiba: What?

Hinata: Chinese Federation behind us. A huge force!

Xianglin: Anti air craft barrage. Cover master Xingke.

Xingke: Thank you, Xianglin.

Kallen: No, hold on a minute!

Asahina: K-Kallen, no.

Tohdoh: The Chinese Federation?

Lelouch: She's their prisoner? Impossible! Kallen, is your radio working?

Kallen: Sorry, I failed you.

Lelouch: Forget about that! Don't give up. I promise I'll save you. Am I clear? No hasty moves.

Kallen: Right. I understand. I won't give up. I'll do yo...

Ohgi: Hurry! Bring the Ikaruga around immediately!

Diethard: I respectfully suggest we withdraw.

Ohgi: What? We have to get Kallen back.

Diethard: Kallen Kouzuki is a single combat loss.

Minami: So just leave her?

Diethard: Mr. Minami, consider our choice. You don't take on them enemy like the Chinese Federation over a single life, no matter who it is. We must preserve our military strength and hold out until we rendezvous with the Indian forces. Zero, it's your decision. You gave special comfort to Captain Kouzuki before. If you show her favoritism now, it could put our entire operation that risk. It could ruin us.

Lelouch: But...

Diethard: You must put aside your personal feelings. Grand plans require sacrifice.

Kallen: I'm waiting, Lelouch.

Milly: Ah, Knight of the Round?

Lelouch: I've made my decision! We're going in now!

Diethard: But why? If we lose we'll be crushed.

Lelouch: If the Indian forces betray us we'll also be crushed.

Diethard: Yes, but...

Lelouch: Chiba and Asahina, use a crane wing formation. We'll teach Xingke the difference between strategy and tactics!

Ohgi: Right.

: Yes, sir.

Minami: Thank you, Zero.

Suzaku: We've been told to stand by here and wait for orders.

Milly: Oh. Say, Suzaku, did you see these? Show him those photos, lady Alstreim?

Suzaku: What are they?

Anya: Here.

Suzaku: Oh, from my welcome home party. Huh, That one's an invasion of privacy... Oh, Lelouch.

Anya: Huh? Lelouch?

Suzaku: If Shirley saw that she'd be really mad.

Milly: Aha?

Suzaku: Oh, that's right. We have to contact Ashford. But I need get permission first.

Milly: I see. Well, I can't be helped. Lelouch and the others must be so worried about us.

Anya: Is this also Lelouch?

Lelouch: Black Knights, prepare for battle! The terrain offers little cover. And there's no geographic advantage.

Xingke: The enemy forces are improvised one. Their chain of command is all focused on Zero. However their Knightmare Frames give them an advantage.

Lelouch: So the Chinese Federation battle plan would be...

Xingke: To put the Shen Fu on the front line and break through...

Lelouch: Our center!

Tohdoh: I'll stop the Shen Fu with my Zangetsu!

Xingke: Dragon Cavalry three, our range is superior so keep firing as you advance!

Lelouch: We've blocked Xingke. Akatsuki team, fire!

Hong Gu: It's true that Xingke's pinned down. but so is Tohdoh. Therefore the battle will be decided by the skill of the warriors.

Xingke: Hit the enemy force head on and hammer their advanced unit! Ignore their left and right flanks!

Tohdoh: Without Kouzuki, we are one move behind in this game.

Minase: They've broken into our center.

Ohgi: Where's their main force?

Minase: On a forward line.

Lelouch: Right. All tasks at hand are cleared. Begin counter attack. Chiba, right one! Asahina, left one! Use attack pattern sigma! Prepare for rearward fire! Focus barrage on main enemy force. Hit the forward units! Once the Shen Fu's power's used up and Xingke's neutralized the battle is ours.

Xingke: Advance! If we get blocked down here we'll be wiped out!

Ohgi: We're taking Kallen back!

Tamaki: Hit them hard!

Sugiyama: Prepare for hand-to-hand combat!

Black Knights: Draw swords!

Xingke: There's more? You've deployed all your forces to try to finish us, Zero?

High Eunuch: Such [wild?] risks. His whole battle plan hinges on the Shen Fu.

High Eunuch: What a reckless daredevil!

Xianglin: No. He's drawing Zero into his net. The true purpose of this formation is...

Lelouch: Xingke, your plan was to rip down the bank of the waterway. But I lowered the water levels before the battle.

Xingke: You think there isn't enough to trap you. That, Zero, is why you lost.

Tamaki: Ah, what a...?

Chiba: I can't pull out!

High Eunuch: Wait! Isn't this...?

Xianglin: Correct. It's all reclaimed irrigation land. Even Zero didn't know about the corruption and shoddy construction, the interior materials that would melt and give way beneath their feet. Xingke led away alone and then drew them back into the position he wanted.

Lelouch: He anticipated my moves. He knew I challenge him directly then deploy my forces in this exact formation?

Xingke: It is the very land of our nation that is giving us this victory. Zero, you've lost!

Lelouch: Xingke!

Tohdoh: This battle is far from over!

Xingke: Tohdoh the Miracle Maker. Well done. But the enemy main forces stopped! All forces advance!

Xianglin: Acknowledged.

Xingke: We'll take care of their Knightmares later. Concentrate fire on the enemy ship's engine room. Their barrier shields won't hold out forever. Victory is at hand!

Lelouch: I've never been outmaneuvered like this! What a disgrace!

Diethard: Zero, I gave you my opinion. I told you to withdraw.

Lelouch: Then do it. Protect engine room and pull back all forces.

C.C: Even if we return to Hourai island...

Lelouch: I know. Ohgi, what about the other place?

Ohgi: Right. We finished a preliminary recon and survey, but...

Lelouch: You've earned your victory, Xingke. I should have killed you first. You are as good tactician as I am and a strong warrior as Suzaku. One could say that heavens blessed you twice.

Xianglin: Yes. But heavens didn't get him enough time to live.

Xingke: I have to hold on just a little longer.

Hinata: Bow-mounted hadron scatter cannon, set.

Futaba: Gefjun control sync, locked in.

Minase: Target lined up. Ready to fire.

Lelouch: Right. Aim at both enemy fleets. Fire!

Xingke: Impressive, Zero. So you still had a hand to play. Dragon Cavalry, spread out. They're targeting battle groups.

Lelouch: Tohdoh, get the troops out of that trap and back on xxx. The Ikaruga will lead the enemy away. Meet up with us at rendezvous point four.

Shirley: I can't find any news reports in the Chinese Federation.

Hinata: Recovery of all remaining Knightmares is now confirmed.

Rakshata: I see. We're going to be holding up in the Mausoleum of 88 Emperors?

Diethard: The enemy will think twice about attacking us. The greatest emperors from Chinese history are buried here.

C.C: And they can only approach us from straight on.

Minami: That way we can fire the bow-mounted hadron cannon.

Minase: Remember it's a single fire blast.

Tamaki: Now we just wait for the Indian forces.

Chiba: I doubt they're coming.

Asahina: Besieged with no reinforcements.

Hinata: In that case there could've still been room for negotiations.

Minami: I never believe the High Eunuchs would take that option.

High Eunuch: I thought we told you not to move.

High Eunuch: Did you really think we forgive you after you plotted against us?

Xianglin: This is not the time for revenge. Or perhaps you don't really care about rescuing the empress.

High Eunuch: You become obsolete.

High Eunuch: We have more powerful forces to serve us now.

Ohgi: We've never anticipated the Knights of the Round getting into this fight.

Xingke: You fools! Bringing the forces of a foreign empire into our territory? Aid from Britannia, from the Avalon? Don't the High Eunuchs know who they are dealing with? Who do they think conquered half of the E.U.? It's Schneizel, the second imperial prince.

C.C: Well, it seems that the High Eunuchs are intent on wiping out Xingke along with us.

Lelouch: Diethard, get our little trick ready.

Diethard: What? You mean here?

Lelouch: Everything is in place. And this will make a most excellent stage. I have to strive for victory. Even in this hopeless situation.

Announcer: And we have a new report from the Chinese Federation. Taking advantage of an attempted coup Zero appeared and kidnapped the young Chinese empress.

Lelouch: Oh, really? You're okay then, madam prez?

Milly: I'm with Suzaku and the others. What's the news saying there?

Lelouch: The TV and radio's just talking about Zero now.

Rivalz: Oh thank god! Madam president is all right.

Announcer: And so it seems that Zero, the empire's greatest enemy, is about to meet his end across the sea in the Chinese Federation.
  