
Yaya: You're amazing, Raishin! That feels so...

Raishin: Quit yelling in morning. Anybody hears the thing I'm doing something untoward to you.
Well, you don't see that everyday...

Yaya: You got a girl hanging from a net?! What kind of sick fetishes are you into?!

Raishin: I've been with you all morning!

Yaya: Yaya looked away for point three(0.3) seconds in the changing room!

Raishin: And you think in less the half a second I could've done this?
All right, what are you doing in my room? The easy puppy is an automaton, right?
Don't tell me you got caught in your own net.

Yaya: Honeytrap! Honeytrap!

Raishin: Oh yeah, then where's the "honey"?

Yaya: Are you blind? She dangled herself in the air like that to give you a look at her undergarments!
If you wanna see knickers so badly, then you look at Yaya's!

Raishin: I don't wanna see that!

Frey: Pardon. I appreciate your help. That was so kind.
I have luncheon. Please accept it as a token of gratitude.

Yaya: She brought you a meal! You are dating this hussy!

Raishin: She didn't make it to thank me with something I just did! Obviously it's a trap!

Frey: It's quite tasty. I'm an excellent cook.

Raishin: That's seriously isn't the issue here. What's its spice with?!

Frey: I wanted a sleeping potion, but that proved rather too difficult to obtain. So instead just lots of salt.

Raishin: That's a ridiculous substitution! What do you expect so to... accomplish...?

Frey: I have such a chill, I shall catch my death. Perhaps if you warm me with your body heat.

Yaya: Like Yaya said, honeytrap!

Raishin: I give up. Just tell me what you're doing here.

Frey: Yeah, I'm here to... assassinate you.

- - - OP - - -

Charlotte: This is beyond comprehension! She was there to assassinate you and you let her go?
Anyways, the only white-haired chick with a puppet Walpurgis is Frey.
She's a third year. Registration code "Silent Roar," and she's ranked at 99, meaning she'll be your first opponent.
Clearly she's decided you're too much of a threat, and wants to eliminate you beforehand.
You may be ranked 100th, but since defeating Felix and Eliza, people've gotten nervous about you.

Sigmund: Well, speak of the devil and he should appear.

Raishin: Frey again. What now?

Charlotte: I believe she's building some sort of cage. That must be the bait. What's on the cover?

Raishin: Wait, is that what people here actually think about me, that I read that sort of thing? Criminy.

Loki: What foolishness are you up to now?

Charlotte: Blade Emperor Loki!

Raishin: Huh, so that's the guy they call "Sacred Blaze."

Loki: Damn it, Frey. Why are you still wearing those?
I told you: You need to withdraw. You'll be hurt.

Frey: Yes, but...

Charlotte: Loki is only in a second-year, but he's already one of the Rounds.
In fact, he's even seen as a possible challenger to the "Marshal."

Raishin: He and Frey kinda look alike, don't you think?

Charlotte: Yes, naturally, they are siblings.

Loki: The weak shouldn't meddle with they don't belong.
They should simply obey the strong. Very well. Cherubim!

Cherubim: Command.

Frey: He forgets I'm a puppeteer, too. Okay, Rabbi, let's go.

Loki: Attack.

Cherubim: Ready.

Frey: Rabbi!

Raishin: Festival starts tomorrow, Emperor. You should save your energy.

Loki: Get [xxx].

Raishin: No, thank you.

Loki: I'll kill you.

Raishin: No to that one, too.

Loki: I am a humble, tolerant person. However, there are three things I simply cannot avert.
People who order me around, people who stand against me, and lastly, cacky Orientals who stick their noses where they don't belong!

Raishin: Hey, what a coincidence. I hate arrogant Westerners who start fights for no real reason.

Loki: You're a moron. You shouldn't speak to your betters like that.

Raishin: I think you're the moron. People so quick to declare other people morons usually are.

Loki: Absurd. Do you even know how high my marks are?

Raishin: If you measure your smarts by your marks, that's further proof you're a moron.

Loki: And you preserve your pride by insulting those superior to you. Now that is moronic.

Raishin: You're the moron, Moron!

Loki: That's you!

Raishin: Not I, you!

Charlotte: Now be quiet! You're both morons!
If you keep this up any longer, I'll be forced to kill the two of you!

Loki: Back off, Tyrant Rex.
I suggest you withdraw from the festival, Second Last.
And keep your distance from me and my sister.

Loki: No chance.

Frey: I must thank you again.

Raishin: What were you two fighting about?

Frey: Loki blames me. Do excuse us, it's hard to explain. I must go.

Raishin: Blames her? Hey, what department's she in?

Charlotte: History, if I'm not mista... Wait, "Hey"?! I'm not your wife to be addressed so familiarly!

Yaya: Raishin's wife?! His wife?

Raishin: I think she might be in trouble.

Charlotte: And you want to come to her rescue. Well, I am not helping you, so don't even ask!

Yaya: Raishin has one wife and that's Yaya!

Raishin: Raishin has no wives!

Charlotte: Not so much as a scrap of useful information!
Unless you wanna hear comments on a size of her bosom.

Raishin: Oh, thanks anyway, you were pretty out of [xxx] about not helping before.

Charlotte: Um, so... Would you say that you like a general’s one as well?

Raishin: General's what?

Charlotte: Are you kidding me?! Good lord, you're even stupid than I thought you were!

Raishin: Um...

Charlotte: Bosom, you twit! Bosom! Do you get it now, or must I draw a picture?

Raishin: If you really care for someone, that sort of thing doesn't matter.

Charlotte: You truly believe that?

Yaya: Of course not, he's lying! How naive, are you, blonde? He, Raishin likes an ample bosom one that bounces around like Frey's does!

Raishin: Yaya.

Charlotte: "She's in trouble, we need to help her." You now guarantee her [xxx]!
You make me sick! How dare you treat women with such a little respect, you cad!

Raishin: Yaya.

Yaya: Yes?

Raishin: Guess what emotion I'm feeling again. Hint hands: it's bubbling out of control.

Yaya: What's again, that little vixen was clearly making eyes at you!

Raishin: Now you're just being absurd! She was only looking for some friendly advice!

Yaya: You're an idiot, you know that! A complete and idle idiot!

Kimberley: As you can see, so long as a puppeteer is unconscious, he emits no magical power.
However, it is possible to draw out power using certain talismans.

Raishin: Ow!

Yaya: Are you okay?

Kimberley: I'm not tutoring you from my benefit.
It will behoove you to pay very close attention.
The festival starts tomorrow.

Raishin: So why don't I need the help? We all fight on the same terms anyway, right?

Kimberley: Not even a little bit. Has nobody explained the rules yet?
Your position is by far the most difficult.
The festival is essentially a melee. Thought it doesn't start out as such.
On the first night, those in the 100th and 99th slots to battle.
The contest is suspended at midnight. Anyone whose glove is taken before then is eliminated.
The next day, No. 98 takes the field, even if 99 and 100 are still standing.

Raishin: Okay. So would that point to relax and watch the rest of the fighting until finally taking the field against the Marshal.

Kimberley: Yes, that would be easier, wouldn't it?
Too bad for you, only those in the upper ranks have the option of sitting out a fight.
And worse, the lower-ranked, like you, must remain on the field of battle for the span of at least one hour.
The textbook approach would...

Raishin: Is that what Frey's after? She wanted to be Wise Man badly enough to kill for it?

Bronson: Nothing ever changes.
This benighted academy is exactly as it was all those years ago.
So the festival begins at last. I hope you know I expect much of you.

Frey: Of me, sir? You don't mean Loki?

Bronson: Loki's situation differs a lot. And don't be self-effacing.
Why bother? And I understand your particular talents better than anyone else could.
I know how hard you apply yourself to the task at hand. Now then, a small gift for you.

Frey: I, I'm sorry. The promise you made. You have it forgotten...?

Bronson: No, child. I'm a man of my word. Do your duty, and we shall all live together again.

Frey: Yes, sir.

- - - - -

Men: Amazing! Tenzen is truly gifted at his craft.

It is no exaggeration to call the boy a prodigy.

Talent like his, you see once in a hundred years if you're lucky.

There's no doubt about it. He's going to make the Akabane clan world-famous someday.

Raishin, on the other hand... He's a different story.

Nadeshiko: Raishin, wait! Don't go! You can't! Please just stay, this is a bad dream!

Raishin: You'll become a great puppet master, Nadeshiko.
Better than even Tenzen someday.
Yaya! How many times do I have to tell you?!

Yaya: What is it? Are we being attacked?!

Raishin: You're not Yaya? So who...?

Yaya: Would you care to explain just what you're doing?
You won't even let Yaya in your bed no matter how often she begs.

Raishin: See, wasn't this an assassination attempt, not...

Yaya: Bouncy, bouncy!

Raishin: No, don't look there! Look here! Weapon! Wait, please don't...!
Yeah, I need you to dig into Frey's background for me.
At this rate, I don't know how many more these night raids or survive.

Irori: I had no idea she was so dangerous! I'll tell master this right away.

Raishin: Actually I meant...

Charlotte: It's awfully early in the morning to be looking so glum.
This business with Frey reminded me of something I'd heard before.
And I decided you would benefit from knowing it. You may express your gratitude.

Raishin: Thank you so much.

Charlotte: Now, have you heard of Divine Works?
There are machinart studio on the rise, having received a nomination to compete for the English Army's next generation weapons contract.
They hold the patent on the "Sonic" magic circuit. And they sponsor about Frey and Loki.

Raishin: Which means what?

Charlotte: Well, Rabbi and Cherubim might be new prototypes that testing in the festival.
Thing is... Divine Works has an unsavory reputation.
Supposedly, they obtain some of their patents throughout right bribery.
No need to hold back with people like that. Teach the [xxx] a thing or two.

Raishin: Oh yeah, tonight's when the festival kicks off. That's right.

Charlotte: I'm thrilled to see you taking this so seriously.

Raishin: Whatever will be will be.

Charlotte: Idiot. Do one thing at least. Don't forget the amulet.

Raishin: Thanks for the reminder. Sonic...

Frey: Don't do it! Rabbi! [xxx].

Raishin: Is his circuit on the threats?

Frey: Rabbi! Wake up!

Raishin: Don't worry, he'll be fine. That was only meant to stun.

Frey: Be goodness.

Raishin: See?

Frey: You're hurt... Hold on.

Raishin: I appreciate it. So do you always carry bandages with you?

Frey: Yes, I'm a bit... accident clone. I'm sure you've noticed.

Raishin: Maybe you're a little clumsy.

Frey: I know.

Raishin: Um, what happened with Rabbi?

Frey: Oh, I'm sorry about that.

Raishin: Hey, no worries. I'm not upset about it.

Frey: How could you not be?

Raishin: Because I'm just not.

Frey: Um...

Raishin: All right, come clean. Why are you so desperately trying to kill me?

Yaya: She's at a [xxx], let's kill her! Please just give the order.
Tell Yaya to destroy her! Yaya will crush her into tiny tiny bouncy bits!
Do what needs to be done, Raishin. This situation is going dangerous!
Before long, Before long... [xxx] render you completely powerless!
Hit and [xxx] by two big mounds of fat!

Raishin: I don't think I'm the one losing control.

Yaya: Yaya will destroy all the vixens!
How could you be so cruel, Raishin?
Going behind Yaya's back, having a secret tryst with her.

Raishin: And what way did that look like a tryst to you?!
I was nearly killed by that doll!

Komurasaki: Right! Long time no see!

Raishin&Yaya: Komurasaki!

Raishin: You, ah... look like you've grown a little.

Komurasaki: You noticed. So you wanna touch them?

Raishin: Keep your shirt on. I'm talking about your height, not your chest!

Komurasaki: Go on, given them a little squeeze, they might be bigger than my sister's now!

Raishin: Let's just change the subject.

Komurasaki: I'm a grown-up now. So grown up in fact, you can even marry me if you want to.

Yaya: You always did like a good joke, didn't you?
Now come on over and chat with your big sister like a good girl.
Yaya even saved your spot! You can sit right here!

Raishin: Careful, you might hurt your hand.

Komurasaki: You should be careful. Raishin will stop liking you if you behave so violently.

Yaya: Raishin... You wouldn't... Say it's not so!

Raishin: So, if Shoko sent you, I can probably guess the reason.
Time for some reconnaissance work?

Komurasaki: Clever as usual I see. The location we're infiltrating should have many secrets to reveal.

Raishin: Let's go. As an agent of the Army, spy work is my official job.

Yaya: So what will Yaya be doing?

Komurasaki: Sorry, you're not invited.
Really, it's true. My instructions explicitly say to bring only Raishin with me.

Yaya: But, not fair!

Raishin: I'm sure we won't be long.

Yaya: Fine, go then.

Raishin: Komurasaki.

Komurasaki: Okay! I'm excited, let's do it.
Give me your magic, Raishin. Pour it all into me, I'm ready.

Yaya: Be careful...

Raishin: Even though I get why it's happening, I always feel strange to have people looking through me.

Komurasaki: Turbid Haze's so helpful. When activated it, it works a sort of invisibility cloak.
It neutralizes the observer's senses effectively put into user in stealth mode.
We could ever romp right here and no one would even know.

Raishin: You're starting to sound like Yaya.

Komurasaki: Oh, look! So many puppies!

Raishin: Here we go.

Komurasaki: Is it empty?

Raishin: No. It's not.

Sigmund: This is a surprise. You don't often come alone.
Now then, what did you wish to speak with me about?

Yaya: Yaya is sorry to bother you. But she wanted to know.
Have... have you ever wished you were human?

Sigmund: Would I be [xxx] assuming that you do?

Yaya: Human girls have everything. It isn't fair.
Yaya wants more. If only... if only Yaya were human...

Sigmund: If you were, I doubt you'd be very good at protecting Raishin.
Is that really something you'll be willing to sacrifice?
You're an extraordinarily gifted automaton, Yaya.
What Raishin needs in his life isn't an ordinary human girl.
No, the truth is, he needs someone like you.
Think about it again. Do you truly still wish to be human?

Yaya: Maybe you're right. Maybe it is good Yaya's a doll.
Even if Raishin doesn't return the affection Yaya feels for him, she can still be there to help him when he needs her most.
Even if Raishin devotes the pointless infatuation with some fragile, weak-willed human girl!
Even if he stops paying attention to Yaya no matter how hard she tries...!
Even if he keeps company with little vixens! If he holds them and kisses them!
Yaya cannot accept this!

Sigmund: You got the appearance and behavior about your [xxx].
And Raishin doesn't distinguish between human and doll as so many others do.
As much it pains me to suggest this, but the problem isn't that you're a doll,
but that your approximation of human nature is a big touch...

- - - ED - - -
  