
Sigmund: Yaya!

- - - OP - - -

Kimberley: Ah, Ms. Karyusai, impeccable timing. Care to patch her up?

Shoko: And hello to you, Professor. I hope you're well.

Kimberley: That brat of yours is proving quite the handful.
I hope he had good reason for sneaking off academy grounds like that.
Really. It's no wonder she wound up in a bad way.

Shoko: It sounds like you might know who's responsible for the attack on his doll.

Kimberley: Even if I did, that would be a discussion for another time.
For now, well, you wouldn't want to lose her, would you?

Shoko: Your concern is noted, Professor. But don't worry.
You'll find she's quite tougher than she looks.

Kimberley: That covers the automaton, then.
But what of Second Last? He's playing a dangerous game.

Shoko: Don't underestimate him either. No boy of mine would die so easily.
It has been lovely catching up. Give my regards to Father Time, won't you?

Kimberley: That woman practically bears an intrigue, love so secrets.
Though I suppose it's not my place to judge.

Yomi: Something I can do for you, young fellow?

Komurasaki: Wow, a talking dog!

Yomi: Both my thought processes and my vocal cords are on [xxx] with that of any of you humans, for better or for worse.

Raishin: You shouldn't be able to detect us.

Yomi: And yet I should be clear I can. You are well concealed though a passive sensor wouldn't even know you're here.

Komurasaki: So you're active.

Yomi: Well, we have a clever one on our hands.
Now then, it's only polite to say hello when sneaking into someone's home without permission.

Raishin: Of course, sorry. I'm Raishin Akabane. Pleasure to meet you.

Komurasaki: [xxx]!

Yomi: How refreshing! It's not [xxx], it's a well-mannered intruders.

Raishin: Those other dog automatons out there-- are they your pups by chance?

Yomi: In a way, I suppose they are.
I am the prototype for the Garm Series, the line to which my son Rabbi belongs.

Raishin: With the Sonic magic Circuit!

Yomi: Indeed. So you've heard of it then. [xxx] you're so smart, do you know how it functions?
We emit sound and it bounces back; seeing and hearing the world via changes in waveforms.
It's rather impressive, really.

Raishin: Like a bad, so you're a Banned Doll.

Yomi: What led you to that conclusion?

Raishin: Far as I can tell, there's no puppeteer nearby, yet you're still using magic.

Yomi: Well spotted. Clearly you're more intelligent than you first appear.

Raishin: Gee, thanks. So why are you locked up in here?

Yomi: [xxx] the end of the great road we're all trouble, I'll soon be disposed of, happens to assault of injury.

Raishin: They're putting you down? But why?

Yomi: They no longer have need of a prototype, which means there's nothing to justify the cost of my upkeep.

Raishin: How can they do that?!
Sorry for yelling. It just makes me sick to see a living creatures' worth reduce to numbers.
Wait, why don't you come with us?

Yomi: And why would I do that?

Raishin: Because where's the fun in living out your final days in a dismal hellhole like this place?

Yomi: I'll say this: you are a most amusing [xxx]. Why did you break in here, anyway?

Raishin: For information on a girl who keeps trying to kill me named Frey.

Yomi: That's ridiculous! What on earth will compel her to do such a thing!

Raishin: That's exactly what I'm trying to find out.
If you're interested, I could really use a guide to help show me around.

Yomi: Then follow me, son. I'll share the secret tune within these walls.
But beware. You're about to see a [xxx] of hell on earth.

Raishin: Hold up. You never did tell us your name.

Yomi: It's Yomi.

Sigmund: Yaya! Yaya! Stay with me!

Yaya: What... happened...?

Sigmund: Are you all right?

Yaya: Yaya should be fine. She's so functional.

Sigmund: You were lucky, surviving an abdominal blow like that, [xxx].

Yaya: Yaya is not lucky, she's the best automaton in the world. She's strong.

Sigmund: Steady now, child. I'll go and fetch a technician.

Yaya: No, that won't do, not Yaya. Normal repairs won't be enough.

Sigmund: Then what will help you?

Yaya: Raishin... Yaya needs Raishin...

Sigmund: His magic is our only hope, is it?

Charlotte: Good lord! What is all this [xxx]?

Sigmund: Charl, thank goodness, you're just in time, lend me your hands!

Charlotte: No, we need to lead this to the technicians!
How could those [xxx] build her like this?!
She's made up of even more fragile parts than you are!

Sigmund: I'm afraid only her designer would be able to repair something this severe.

Charlotte: I'm not sure to help, but I can give her some of my magic. What is this?! I can't...!

Sigmund: Are you all right?

Yaya: Please... don't endanger yourself for Yaya.

Charlotte: This is nothing! I've got this!

Yaya: But you're the enemy...

Charlotte: I am Charlotte of the House of Belew, who were granted the noble unicorn crest and northern earldom by Her Majesty, the Queen!
Whatever enmity you and I might share can be settled on festival grounds.

Yaya: No, Yaya doesn't want to be indebted to a vixen...

Charlotte: You don't know when to shut up!

Kimberley: Haven't changed a bit, have you, Doctor?

Cruel: All part of her treatment, my word.
Just making sure the stethoscope was properly placed.

Kimberley: Oh, spare me the details, won't you?

Cruel: So what is your way for me a busy schedule to [xxx] than me?
A stomachache, perhaps? Menstrual cramps? No, menopausal already?

Kimberley: Actually, I'd like your thoughts on a certain student.
What's your opinion of Raishin Akabane?

Cruel: Wounded [xxx] after him?

Kimberley: So, something has caught your eye.

Cruel: Well, first, his wounds are terribly slow to heal.
He suffers from poor blood formation and cell division as well as inefficient nutrient intake.
All of which suggest he is having the life sucked out of him.

Kimberley: Is it possible it's being used to repair an automaton?

Cruel: Certainly, provided he has possession of a Banned Doll.

Kimberley: I want him very closely monitored. Naturally, you'll be under exclusive contract with us.
Your life's about to change, Doctor. Both academy and English government are your enemies.
I am a reasonable woman, though. You have a choice: between the cash, or a sniper bullet.

Yomi: Here we are, Frey's room.

Raishin: Is Frey her real name?

Yomi: More of a code name.

Raishin: And her parents?

Yomi: Such a tragic story. They were in a traveling puppet show in the United States.
Halfway through one of their shows, an automaton malfunctioned, they were both killed.
Now, I know Frey well, it can't has [xxx] guessed why she tried to kill you.
She's always been such a sweet little dear. Everyone loves her. It's impossible not to.
That's why she was chosen, she was the obvious choice.

Raishin: To command Rabbi, you mean?

Yomi: The world can punish the kindhearted.
I fear her [xxx] goodness may have let her down a most unfortunate path.

Raishin: Whatever misfortune's befallen her, her life doesn't seem all bad.
I mean, she has loving family like you around.
Are these all siblings? No, they wouldn't be possible!

Yomi: Those are Promised Children.
Rare individuals who possess an affinity for magic that goes beyond that of most humans.
Each of the children in that room is literally one in a million.

Raishin: Why are they here? They all just happened to be orphaned?

Yomi: What would you say if I told you they aren't entirely human?
Come. I have something even more horrifying to show you.

Raishin: What the hell?! What is this?!

Komurasaki: They're headed our way!

Raishin: How many of them can see through our cloaking spell?

Yomi: Every Garm doll has that ability. Although I'm uncertain whether any of the guards puppeteer one.

Raishin: Then we'll have to break through and hope for the best.

Yomi: Short-sightedness like that would be the death of you.

Raishin: Is there another exit?

Yomi: Quickly open this.

Raishin: A secret passage?

Yomi: No, it's only a rubbish bin.

Guards: There they are!

They're fleeing down to the sewer!

Komurasaki: Your shoulder!

Raishin: It's just a scratch. Where does this tunnel lead?

Yomi: Into the town's sewer system. You should make it out before long.
Assuming of course that your pursuers are as incompetent as ever.

Raishin: That's not as reassuring as you probably think.

Komurasaki: I'm positively soaked in this [mock]!

Yomi: I believe I may have an idea why Frey has been attempting to eliminate you.
A lost for her at the festival would effectively end plans for the mass production of the Garm Series.

Raishin: And if that happened then all of you...

Yomi: Would be disposed of, yes. And then, of course, they would have to introduce a different model.

Raishin: Like Cherubim!

Yomi: Correct. They would launch the Angel Series to which Cherubim belongs.
Their individual battle capabilities exceed any Garms.
However they are costly to produce, and are difficult to manage.
We Garms are different. We're easy to control by even the greenest of puppeteers.
Which makes a good deal of sense, we are dogs.

Komurasaki: Raishin, look out!

- - - - -
Yaya: Yaya was quite rude before, thank you. She should be all right until Raishin returns.

Charlotte: That [xxx] shell is enormous. But where has it fired?

Sigmund: I don't see any barrel marks on it.
The absence of such score indicates that it was launched without a use of a gun.

Charlotte: If a weapon wasn't required, the attack could have come from anywhere.

Sigmund: [xxx]. If someone's trying to eliminate Yaya as a way to force Raishin out of the competition...

Charlotte: They'll target him next!

Yaya: Raishin!

Raishin: Hang on, Yomi! You'll be okay! Why did you block that? If I die, Frey beats me by default!

Komurasaki: Here, Raishin! I think I've found us a way out of here! Hurry up!

Raishin: Great More troops...

Yomi: Don't die [xxx] hero's son. Leave me. Get your full self out.

Raishin: I can't just abandon you!

Yomi: It's what I want. Be xxx bones so tired. I plan to sleep now.
Here, with my children...
You did provide me with a little bit of fun in my final hours.
For that, you have my thanks.

Raishin: Yomi! No... Damn' em all!

Loki: What are you staring at the gates for?

Frey: I'm waiting for Raishin to come back.

Loki: You're going to be waiting forever then.

Frey: Why? What happened to him?
I know his automaton was attacked and badly injured.
Was that you?

Loki: And if I told you it was? What would you do, Frey?
Second Last became a nuisance. Uncovering secrets best left undisturbed.
Our secrets. So Father took care of him.

Raishin: Guess I'm not quite as dead as you think I am. That one's got iciness means.

Frey: You must smell like someone Rabbi recognizes.

Raishin: He does. And I owe you an apology, Frey.
Yomi died today. I dragged her into this. I'm sorry.

Frey: It sounds [xxx] but, thank you.

Raishin: Why?

Frey: You... let her out of her pen before she died, right?

Raishin: Yes, but...

Frey: She'd been locked xxx like a prisoner in that awful place for more years than you know.
She must have been happy, given even that small measure of freedom at last.

Raishin: Just be mad at me, something...!

Yaya: Raishin! You were gone so long!

Raishin: Wait, what happened to you? Were you hurt?

Yaya: Oh, Yaya is fine. Unlike you. Look it out those bandages, what happened?

Raishin: Oh yeah. I messed up.

Yaya: And Komurasaki?

Raishin: I left her at an Army safe house on a way back here.

Yaya: That's not what Yaya meant! Her sister was with you the whole time!
Wait, was that it? Did you get hurt because someone attacked the two of you xxx?

Raishin: You're being ridiculous, let it go.

Yaya: That girl is a lot more dangerous than she seems.
Yaya must know! Now remove your underpants!
Yaya must inspect that for evidence!

Shoko: Maybe back in one piece, did you, boy?
I hope you found the experience educational.

Raishin: Yeah.

Shoko: Then you understand why I sent you to explore the orphanage. Why was it necessary?

Raishin: You sent me there as a decoy, so you could spy on Divine Works in the meantime.

Shoko: That's my clever boy.

Raishin: And did the Army learn anything useful?
I'd like to know her mission was worth it. A life was lost.
I'm sorry that sounds like a complaint. And I know I have no right to do so.

Shoko: So you blame yourself for what went wrong. Well, that is just downright. Elegant.

Raishin: Excuse me!

Shoko: You may have talent, boy. But you're not omnipotent.
You can't heal the dying, even with Yaya.
Do not fret over things beyond your control. I expect xxx of you.
Frey will be entering the festival using a Banned Doll.
With human parts alongside the mechanical, it's exceedingly difficult to keep such an automaton alive for long.
But there is a way to do so, provided you weren't burdened with an overabundance of morals.

Raishin: Yeah, by using a living being as a vessel.

Shoko: Precisely. You then need to simply provide the nourishment necessary to bring the parts harmoniously to life.
Unfortunately, it works for a relatively short amount of time; the parts last only as long as the vessel.
The "Sonic" is an excellent magic circuit, though too heavy for everyday use.
If it could be activated using less magic, it would reduce the strain on the puppeteer.

Raishin: So that room I saw in the orphanage...

Shoko: If that's what the English Army is using to maintain the supremacy, how can Japan stay silent?

Raishin: I'm confused. I thought we were allies.

Shoko: For now we are.

Raishin: Don't tell me the Army's thinking about turning on England!

Shoko: You're one of the Army's dogs, boy.
Your only concern is to follow your master's orders.
And speaking of witch, I want you to appropriate Rabbi's magic circuit.
However, you must do so at the festival, without arousing suspicion.

Raishin: Oh, wait! Magic circuits are attached directly to a doll's heart!
I can't remove it without killing him!

Shoko: You foolish boy. Surely you haven't forgotten who you're speaking to.

Raishin: Are you... ordering me to kill Rabbi?

Shoko: Do not make me say it again. xxx. It's nearly time.

Edward: I look forward to the results of your hard work and diligent study.

Magnus: My fellow Walpurgis competitors, we have a sacred duty.
Today we honor the source-spark of magic, today blood answers to blood!
Today we shall be kings or we shall be nothing! Today we pledge a battle true!

Edward: Attention students and faculty, the moment is upon us. Walpurgis Night begins!

Announcement: In 100 place, Second Last, approach! In 99 place, Sacred Blaze, approach.

Loki: I told you to withdraw from the festival. You should have.

Raishin: And I chose to ignore you. So, here we are.
Time for a little payback! Yaya! Whistle 24 Sho!

Yaya: Got it!

Raishin: Stronghold 48 Ketsu! Now Yaya! Flare 24 Sho!

Loki: Impressive armor I could see that.

Yaya: Even the sharpest blade can't cut Yaya!

Loki: Oh, but they will. I'm sure about to see there's nothing Cherubim can't cut. Cherubim, attack!

Cherubim: Ready.

Raishin: Move it!

Loki: Hmph. Excellent xxx.

Yaya: Why are you hesitating, Raishin? Give Yaya magic!
Don't worry. Yaya won't get hurt. You know she can hold alone!

Raishin: Then let's do it. 24 Sho!

Yaya: This is it. Yaya can't go any further!

Raishin: Stronghold... 96 Sho!

Yaya: Raishin!

- - - ED - - -
  