
  - - - OP - - -

Raishin: Nadeshiko, where are you?! Nadeshiko! Dad, no! Nadeshiko!

It can't be her... Wait right there, Mask Boy.
Sorry, Magnus, the great one, you really make people call you that.

Magnus: Who are you?

Raishin: Well, that's a rather icy greeting.
Considering I traveled across half the globe for the express purpose of seeing you.

Magnus: I believe you've mistaken me for someone else.

Raishin: Very well, I won't keep you much longer. But before you go, I want you to have this!

Yaya: Raishin!

Charlotte: Magnus is the highest strengh student of Walpurgis.
He's the most brilliant puppeteer the school has ever seen.
One [xxx] who deploys six automatons at one time. It's [xxx].
He is the obvious favorite [xxx] in the title of Wise Man this year.

Raishin: These young ladies of yours are so touchy.
I only wanted to give you a token of our acquaintance. They surely wouldn't objective that.

Charlotte: What did he give him? A jar?

Magnus: I'll accept your token with gratitude.

Yaya: Yaya let you down. She is sorry. Yaya should have fought those dolls off.

Raishin: Much as I hate to admit it, Charlotte was right.
At my current level, I couldn't defeat him. Will I be strong enough ever?

Yaya: Raishin, Yaya is happy to wash your back. You've had such a long tiring day.
And it is a wife's duty to soothe her husband's tension and weariness!

Raishin: Ah, Yaya, hands off! Stop!

Yaya: It'll be all right.

Raishin: What are you even talking about?

Yaya: You will win. Yaya knows. Don't doubt yourself. Today doesn't matter. The festival does.

Raishin: Yeah, you're right. Thank you. I need to [xxx].

Yaya: You're welcome! But there is a better way to thank Yaya!

Raishin: Stop! Where did you soap on me like that?

Yaya: [xxx]. Yaya loves it when you swear.

Felix: Cheers. Good morning. You're confused. Sorry. Introduction's first. I'm Fe---

Raishin: Felix Kingsfort. One of the Rounds, and a head of the disciplinary board, which is the linchpin of the academy's student government.
So what do you want with me?

Felix: I believe we can strike a bargain. There's an important matter I'd like to discuss.

Raishin: Don't care.

Felix: You haven't heard what I'm offering yet. A guaranteed festival entry.
Thought as much. Shall we speak later?

Kimberley: A magic circuit is an alternative to performing a magical ritual. Think of it, as a type of engine.
Just as we use steam to turn gears, so too can we use magic power to produce a magical effect.

Raishin: I don't know how I can trust that one. But his offer...

Yaya: What happened? You okay?

Kimberley: The fact you're ignoring my lecture, Second Last, makes clear how little you value your life.
Why do you suppose I'm spending my precious time on such basic material?

Raishin: For new students like me, I suppose. And others who might be failing the course?

Kimberley: Or for the student who is both new and failing.
Now answer this if you can. Which magic circuit is currently the most widely used?

Raishin: Hm, heat, right? No, wait, power, isn't it? Light, maybe?

Kimberley: Charlotte, enlighten your classmate.

Charlotte: The answer is Eve's Heart.

Kimberley: Correct. All automatons contain magic circuits known as "Eve's Hearts", which are responsible for their animation.
These circuits are what allow automatons to function independently. The Eve's Heart is vital, giving a doll its intelligence.
With a skilled craftsman can do great work, even producing automatons nearly identical to human beings.
Though if you ask me, imitating humans is a rather pointless endeavor.

Raishin: I have no idea what had made you say something like that, Professor.
But Yaya is the best automaton in the world.

Yaya: Oh Raishin.

Raishin: She was built by Shoko after all!

Yaya: Shoko?! Shoko again?! It's always her, isn't it?!

Charlotte: What's Felix up to? He's talking to that new twit.

Sigmund: Interested in him [xxx]?

Charlotte: No! That's rather [xxx]! One more word and you're on a green pea diet!
I'll admit, he has always behaved in the most gentlemanly way.

Sigmund: No, it's not Felix I was speaking about. I meant the new lad, Raishin.
He maybe was getting better acquaint with.
I'm certainly impressed. We would have him lunch and he inquired just how I was feeling.
[xxx] recall that, Charl?

Charlotte: Yes, your point?

Sigmund: He treated me as an individual, an entity separated from you.
Most puppeteers would have spoken quite differently.
The question would be directed at you, rather than me.
"How is your puppet?" is what anyone else would have asked.

Charlotte: I... I suppose I see what you're getting at.

Sigmund: Charl, I want to ask you something.
Raishin and Yaya fought for you when you were outnumbered.
Are you prepared to face them in battle when the time comes?

Charlotte: I am Charlotte of the House of Belew.
Her Majesty granted my family the noble unicorn crest.
She bestowed upon us the northern earldom.
I shall eliminate anyone who stands in my path. Anyone at all!

Felix: Now then, shall we discuss a bargain in great detail.

Raishin: Well, I know what you're offering. So what do you want from me?

Felix: Take a look at these photographs.
I doubt you're aware, but twenty-six academy students have gone missing since October last.
In fact, we're in bad enough, we've also discovered twelve gruesomely destroyed automatons.
The methods, as you can see, are reminiscent of Jack the Ripper.

Raishin: Who would do such a thing?

Felix: The fellow student, one we are calling "Cannibal Candy."
I would like you to identify him, and then defeat him.

Raishin: Okay, so why me?

Felix: I have two reasons. First, I don't consider you a suspect. Giving you only just arrived at the academy.
As for the second, I saw you sparing yesterday, you're quite strong. Gives you a supporting chance.

Lisette: There you are. Pardon the intrusion. I'm Lisette Norden, disciplinary board vice-chief.

Felix: My goodness love, you're not usually flustered.
What's wrong? Has there been another Cannibal Candy incident?

Lisette: Aye. Another doll was found. The crime scenes behind the Technology Department.

- - - - -

Raishin: Hi, Charlotte. Hello, Sigmund.

Felix: [xxx] expect to see you here. Hello, Charl.

Charlotte: I was curious what the commotion was about.

Raishin: Oh, you know each other?

Felix: Rather well in fact. I've been trying to call on her for ages. [xxx] she turns me down every time.
Excuse me, I need to see to this mess. Perhaps we're speaking later. Raishin, come along.

Raishin: Her magic circuit is missing.

Felix: That's his modus operandi. The automatons always look as he's eaten out their Eve's Hearts.

Raishin: Do you know yet whose it is?

Lisette: We're still investigating. From what we've been able to determine so far, the automaton was a boule user.

Raishin: Yes, that's right. We fought her yesterday. Except...
Is something wrong, Charl? Hold on a second.

Charlotte: Let me go!

Felix: I can certainly emphasize.
Seeing that must've made her itch for her immediate action.
My blood's boiling, too. We must apprehend this monster in soon.
You'll help me track him down, won't you?

Raishin: Yes, I'll help. But just be forewarned. I'll be doing it my way.

Lisette: Sorry, if I could have one more moment of your time.
I'd appreciate it if we might speak in private, it shan't take long.

Raishin: In private, huh? Sounds like it's serious.

Lisette: Very.

Raishin: Nothing of a romantic nature I hope.

Lisette: Please, I am vice-chief of the disciplinary board.
I have a solemn duty to this academy. I have no time for such thoughts.

Raishin: All right, all right. How's only busting you to judge.

Yaya: How can you even say such a lecherous thing?! You ought to be ashamed!

Raishin: That's a pot calling a kettle black!

Yaya: Yaya'll stay to make sure this girl doesn't try anything!

Raishin: I'm fine on my own, go back to the room.

Yaya: Come back as soon as your conversation is done.
Unless you want the dorm reduced to rubble.

Raishin: Don't you dare! No rubble! You hear me?!
Well, what did you wanna talk about?

Lisette: I regret the necessity of doing this, but I'm afraid I was warning you about something.
Charlotte may be your friend, but please be wary of her.
Her automaton is not what he seems. He is a Banned Doll.
I'm sure you know what constitutes a Banned Doll.
Their parts include living tissue. Their existence violates the Mage Code of Ethics.
According to Belew family tradition, Sigmund has committed countless atrocities for generations.
Burning entire villages, devouring innocent people.
I hear even now he can't maintain his form unless he feasts on a steady diet of meat.

Raishin: What are you trying to say?

Lisette: To get right to it, we suspect Cannibal Candy has been using a Banned Doll to commit these murders.

Yaya: Raishin... You're thinking about that pink-haired vixen right now, aren't you?

Raishin: I am. How do you always know these things?

Yaya: Hand over your undergarments right this minute!
Yaya will thoroughly inspect them to [xxx] rather you have relations this afternoon!

Raishin: Like hell you will! Seriously Yaya, you have no concept of how people work!

Yaya: But... but that vixen!

Raishin: At any rate, tomorrow I plan to start really looking into this case.
Giving everything I've seen and heard about Cannibal Candy, I... No, We have to find this killer. Are you with me?

Yaya: Yes!

Raishin: Charlotte? What are you doing over here so late?

Charlotte: G--!

Raishin: Yes?

Charlotte: Go out with me! Rather I'll allow you to take me out! Tomorrow perhaps, after lessons are finished.

Yaya: N-Nooo! Thank you for the lovely offer but no no nooo!

Raishin: Yes, sure. Sounds good. I'll see you then.

Charlotte: Excellent. I shall hold you to it.

Yaya: How could you?! You're so cruel to Yaya [xxx]!

Raishin: Interesting spot to choose for a date.

Charlotte: Poor blind fool. This isn't a date. It's a trap.

Raishin: Actually, I'd assumed as much.

Charlotte: Don't be along. You're perfectly safe, I assure you.
Should [xxx] appear I'll handle it. You just stand looking helpless.

Raishin: Now I see, you don't have any friends, do you?

Charlotte: Why would you say that?!

Raishin: You needed to help with this pranny [xxx] and you came to me, the guy you just met.

Charlotte: I... No! Y-You misread the situation. I'm helping you. A grateful [xxx] you are.

Raishin: Okay, I get it. You heard Felix offered me a festival entry if I could solve this case, which means you must have been eavesdropping.

Charlotte: And if I was, what does it?!

Raishin: I think I'm done with this. Enough for playing detective. Let's go on a date instead.

Charlotte: What?! How unbelievablely fool of you!

Raishin: You're the one who asked me out.
Or does the daughter of the great Belew family not keep her word?

Charlotte: How dare you, sir! Fine, then [xxx] place and I shall take you there!

Yaya: No sorry! Absolutely not! Yaya will chaperon you!

Raishin: I know. Let's go into town.

Charlotte: In the town, then Sigmund can't come.

Raishin: Correct. It's considered normal [xxx] do not bring one's automaton on dates.

Sigmund: Ah, I wouldn't be so boorish to ruin your fun. Have a good time.

Charlotte: What are you...?! That's my hand!

Raishin: And this is a date.

Charlotte: Let me go this instant!

Raishin: Quit flailing.

Sigmund: You might try having a bit more faith in your master.

Yaya: Does it even deserve it?

Sigmund: Trust me when I say I am an accurate judge of a person's character.
I have had a hundred fifty years on this Earth to figure it out. There was no lust in his eyes whenever.

Yaya: Really?

Sigmund: Really. Though I must admit, boys his age are unpredictable at best, nor than I am that.
So I suppose it's always possible something may happen between them.

Yaya: Yaya knew it.

Sigmund: We're not human, you and I.
You may be more or less human both in appearance and functionality.
But you mustn't forget that you will never actually be one of them.

Yaya: Yaya knows that already too.

Sigmund: Automatons operate on magical power supplied to us by our puppeteers.
Given that, it's natural to feel great affection for your master. But I don't understand how you came to be so upset.

Yaya: Yaya cares for Raishin, that's all. Yaya will [xxx].

Sigmund: Ultimately, our masters aren't here right now and Cannibal Candy's still on the [xxx]. We must be careful.

Charlotte: I don't know about you, but I'm famished. Let's go back.

Raishin: Why? We can eat here. Come on, I'll even treat.

Charlotte: I don't take charity from lechers!
I'm fine, let's eat! But I'll have you know I won't never forgive you for this embarrassment!
It looks divine... Out of curiosity, the other day, why did you eat lunch at my table?

Raishin: Just seemed like the natural progression.

Charlotte: Of what? We were hardly friends.
First, I yelled at you, then you challenged me to a doll, then you insist we dine together.
That could only make sense to blithering idiot.

Raishin: I believe I'll take that as a compliment.

Charlotte: But why so intent on my entry anyway?
There are a hundred of us who qualify to compete.
You could easily have picked to a low-ranked target.

Raishin: Victory against easy prey wouldn't mean as much.
I tried to take an entry by force, but at the expense of another person.
That'll be inexcusable without also taking a personal risk.
And even then, it's still inexcusable. Sorry.
Yeah, I'm not explaining myself very well.

Charlotte: When we first met, my impression was you were a tough person to read.
But I've come to realize you were just daft.

Raishin: So any more questions for me?

Charlotte: Only one for now I think. About your fighting style. What is it called?
I noticed you were fighting alongside your puppet.

Raishin: Technically, that was me cheating. I was creating a formation.
It's my family's fighting specialty. Using group tactics.
That's us, pulling the strings of a team of dolls.
However, my training was kind of rushed. I got my hands full with just Yaya.
The other day, I was just using my own body in place of another doll.
So is good thing, I know [xxx] about martial arts.

Charlotte: What do you mean your training was rushed?

Raishin: Well, I didn't start really studying until just over two years ago.

Charlotte: What?! And you already want to compete for Wise Man?!

Raishin: I have my reasons, let's leave it that.
My turn. Do you have a crush on Felix?

Charlotte: What?! I... You... Don't make me sound so common!
My relationship with Felix is nothing so vulgar as that!

Raishin: I don't say anything vulgar about it. It's no big deal, that sort of thing is human nature.

Charlotte: I'm telling you to drop it right now! Or I shall be forced to cause you greatest bloody harm!
Only sometimes I... make enemies without realizing I'm meaning to.
So as head of the disciplinary board, Felix worries about me. That's all.

Raishin: He's asked you to go out with him, hasn't he? Why not accept?

Charlotte: I can't do that! Don't you know how popular Felix is? With girls I mean.
The chance of practically rapid about him.

Raishin: So you'd wind up with even more enemies, is that it?

Charlotte: Precisely.

Raishin: What about you? Why do you wanna be the Wise Man?

Charlotte: I have a dream. Something important. Something I'm willing to get blood on my hands for.

Raishin: Fare enough. Thank you for coming shopping with me. You were big help.

Charlotte: To be honest, I'm surprised buying her a gift even in a court to you.
What is it? Is she so terrifying, you have to buy her presents to [xxx], huh?

Raishin: Oh I wouldn't say that. No more she can hear me.

Charlotte: You're pitiful, you know that?
Ordered around by your own automaton, that's playing backwards.
Look, about what you said before... The reason you chose to challenge my entry.

Raishin: Yeah?

Charlotte: I want you to know, I get it.
You're still daft, but... I understand wanting to be punished.
There're things in my paths to not [xxx].

Raishin: No...

Charlotte: Cannibal Candy!

Raishin: Didn't think he'd strike again so soon... Yaya!

Charlotte: Raishin?!

- - - ED - - -
  