
Did I just accelerate?
Am I in a virtual world?
Hold on, is this me?
This is so…

What’s with this guy?
Seems like he is scared.
The name isn’t ringing the bell either.
You think he is a newbie?
I don’t know, he is a metal color type, so he should be strong.

Those aren’t NPCs.
These seems like really people.
Are they burst linkers?

I haven’t fought in the world end stage in a while.
Lucky me!
And even better, my opponent is a newbie.
Now I’m mega lucky!
You, on the other hand, are giga unlucky!

Oh no, is this really what I think it is?
I think I’m inside of a…
I am…
I don’t stand a chance.

You got a hit right away.

It’s not funny!
I really thought I was gonna die!

That what you get for breaking your promise to me.

I know.
When I logged on to the global net, I just wasn’t thinking.
Well at least it will make explaining things to you are little easier.
I’m assuming you figured it out what brain burst actually is.

Yeah, it’s basically just a fighting game.
But all of the battles are staged in reality.

Exactly.

This is crazy.

Speeding up brain waves, hacking into the security cameras, all for some fighting game.
It’s ridiculous.

You are missing the point here.
We, Burst Linkers, aren’t accelerating just so we can fight inside a game.
We fight, so we can continue to accelerate.

I’m not following.

Accelerate and I’ll show you.
Ah, okay.
Burst Link!

Huh? Something wrong?

No, nothing!
So what do we do now?
If you look on the left side of your screen, you’ll see a new desktop icon among the others.
That gives you the menu for brain burst, as you know, a fighting game.
Now, click on the match making list.
Right now, it should only have our names since you and I are the only burst linkers currently logged in to the local school net.

Okay, Miss Black Lotus.

Alright, now click on my name and challenge me to a duel.

What?

We are not actually going to fight each other.
We’ll just run the clock down and call it a draw. Got it?
Oh, this is the Twilight stage.
It’s actually quite rare.
So, this is your dual avatar. 
Silver Crow, that’s a good name.
I like the color too.
It’s a good look, I approve.

I don’t know. I think it’s kinda wimpy.
Can it be redesigned?
Actually, who originally came up with this name and look? 

That was done by you.

Me?

Think back.
Do you recall having the strange dream last night?

Yeah.
The details are kind of fuzzy.
But I do remember it being scary.

That was a Brain Burst program scanning your subconscious while you slept.
It compiled the data from all your hopes and fears, and then it used that data as a mold for your avatar.

So you’re saying this was all my idea?
I wanted this skinny and shiny look?
I’m not so sure.

It doesn’t make your ideal image.
It’s more a reflection of all your insecurities.

Well then, that means your avatar was created by Brain Burst too, right?

No, actually this is an avatar that I made.
It’s a long story, but I had to seal away my original dual avatar.

Seal it away?

Unfortunately, it was rather ugly, a truly hideous thing.
But that’s enough about me.
This morning, you were attacked and then beaten by another burst linker.
Think back, do you remember how the results screen logged in fight ended? 

Yeah, it had my name and level 1, and also something called burst points.
They gone from 99 to 89.

The Burst Points.
That’s it! That’s why we do this!
Why we set foot in this ruthless battlefield time in time again!
The burst points represent how many times you’ll be able to accelerate.
Each acceleration is equal to 1 point.

So then, how do you go about getting more points?

There’s only one way to get more points, by winning fights.
If your opponents was the same level, any fight you win or lose is 10 points.
The power from acceleration is unparalleled.
With it you can easily win fights ace test in any given subject, become fantastically rich gambler or champion athlete.
Once you’ve tasted the advantage it gives you, you have no choice but to keep fighting so you can hold on to that power forever.
 Okay, wait a sec!
If you lose points every time you accelerate or get beaten in a fight, that means a weak player could eventually end up with no points at all.
What happens to ‘em then?

That is very simple.
They lose Brain Burst for life.
It will automatically uninstall itself from the user, and the user can never load it again.
Even changing neuro-linkers won’t work, because you’re identified by your own brain wave.
Once you’ve lost all your points, you can never accelerate again.

I’ll lose brain burst forever?
That means I’ll lose senpai too.

Haruyuki, if you want to go back to your old life, now is the time to do it.
Those bullies are gone.
They won’t be coming back, I promise.
The choice is all yours.

I don’t think you realize just how much I owe you.
I have to return the favor.

Huh?

What you did was rescue me from that living hell.
And I get this feeling, that you want me to do something in return.
That is the only thing that makes any sense.
I mean why else would you have singled me out, and gone through all this trouble.

I can see why you would think that.

Look, I know I’m not the kind of guy a girl like you is usually gonna hang out with.

I’m just a fat, ugly cry baby.
I’m a real loser and worthless.
But you choose me, and even cable linked with me in front of everyone. 
And look. I’m not delusional, I’m not gonna kid myself.
I know the only reason you did this because I’m good at games.
But if I can, I wanna be more than that!
And besides, the truth is…What I’m trying to say is…I just…I just don’t wanna ever let you down.
The charity you showed me, I wanna repay that!
So I’ll fight! I’ll do it!
I’ll become a Burst Linker! 

Thank you. But do not call it charity.
I am nothing more than an ignorant little school girl.
I’m a living breathing person, not that unlike yourself.
You are the one who is keeping your distance from me.
Do you honestly believe that this gap between us, is so great that it can never be closed?

I do.
You can’t begin to understand where I’m coming from.
How scary it is for me.
Just to simply be noticed and acknowledged by someone as perfect as you.
You’ve single handedly turned my life around and made me happy.
You have saved me from horrible hell.
I couldn’t ask for anything more.

I see.
Well, I’m glad to hear you feel that way.
Truth be told, I have gotten myself into a little bit of trouble,
And I believe you are the person who can help me.

I’ll do everything I can! I promise!
Just tell me what you need!

Very good. But first, you must learn how to fight.

I don’t know.
Are you sure I can do this?

Yes, I have no doubt about it.
But first, you need to sit up and eat your lunch.
It’s getting cold now.

Hime, I’m sorry for intruding like this but...
I’d like to ask you something because we’re all dying to know.
It’s the second time he is here.
So I was just curious as to what exactly is going on with the two of you.

Well, the truth is I invited him here so I could ask him out, but he rejected me.

Whaaaat?!

What the heck were you thinking?!
I’m just gonna get picked on all over again!
Thanks a lot for nothing!

All that I did was simply tell the truth.
And from my view, you’ve seem to enjoyed it.

When did you take a screen shot?! ???

You should actually be proud of this.
I have rejected many boys before, but you are the first to reject me.
Okay, moving on.
The moment you leave the school, you’ll be connected to the global net.
Accelerate before anyone attacks you.
Then find Ash Roller and challenge him.

Got it!

This will be your official debut, Silver Crow.
Good luck.

First, you must learn how to fight.
Find your name listed below your energy gauge and then click on it.

Okay,

This is where you find out what abilities your dual avatar has.

This says I’ve only got a normal punch and kick.
And for my special move, it’s a head-butt.

Don’t worry about that.
I know those skills seem mediocre , but you’ll have something special to make up for it, I’m sure.

Yeah, but….

The key here is your heart.
It’s what made that body.
You must believe in yourself, Haruyuki.

He is here.

Judging from what you told me, he has at least two major weaknesses.
The first one, being the noise from that bike.
The guide cursor will tell you where the enemy’s general direction is, but that noise will tell you his exact location.
This gives you an advantage.

Can I really do this?
C’mon! Snap out of it!
I’m not a pathetic chubby kid Arita now.
I’m Silver Crow, the Burst Linker.
This is the game where I spend so many long hours playing it, doing everything I can to perfect my skills.
This is my world!
I…I did it
I have to keep moving.

As for Ash Roller’s second weakness: By the way his dual avatar is designed nearly all of its potential is wrapped up in that bike.
That means the combat ability of the rider himself should be close to zero.
So if you manage to damage him badly early on, all you have to do is wait for the time to run out.

Well now, the kid’s not that bad.
Yeah, he is much better than before.
I wonder who his guardian is.
Don’t know, but if he wins this I’ll add him into my watch list.
Go get him, kid.
I don’t know. I doubt it’ll be that easy.

Wait! What are you trying to do?

Don’t think you won just yet, newbie!
I’m about ready to make you dance!
To the beat of my bike! Let’s roll!

Whoa! Isn’t that like cheating?
Damn! Even a slight graze like that causes you to lose points!
That’s harsh! 

Thanks to that beat down, I was able to put on you this morning.
I’ve now moved up and reached level 2.
Then I took that level up bonus I got, and cashed it in for some awesome wall climbing powers.
Pretty sweet choice by me, right?!
But for you, it means tera-unlucky!

If your first attack fails to be successful or you can’t hide, the chances of you winning this fight are very small.
And here is why Burst Linker name start with a color.
It’s sort of short hand.
An indication of the kind of qualities you possess.
Silver says lot about you.
It’s very rare and powerful color.
You are resistant to slash and pierce attacks as well as fire and poisons. 
You are also quite good at close range combat.
But you are vulnerable to corrosion and blunt attacks.

I see.

Ash Roller’s faint color advise a unique attack style.
If I were to guess at what his strength is, I would say it’s direct blows from his bike.
Which means, against that sort of attack, your armor would be virtually useless. 
This leaves you with only one option.
You must evade him until time runs out.

Easier said than done!
Damn it!
You even feel the pain! That’s hurt!

What!? No counter attack? Fuck face!
Well then I guess I get to go again!

C’mon…I need something.
Something that’s gonna save me, like a secret weapon.
Of course, the special move!

Oh well, guess it’s over.

Damn it!
This is my world!
I’m supposed to be a hero here!
This sucks! 
My special move didn’t even connect!
There’s no way I can win with this weak avatar!
It’s impossible! I can’t!

The key here is your heart.
It’s what made that body.
You must believe in yourself, Haruyuki.

Listen, if there’s one person in this world who I find hard to believe in, that would be me.
I mean, c’mon.
This avatar even looks like a pile of tin.
If I got your hopes up, I’m sorry.
Just forget about me, and move on…

That’s enough!
You are missing the point.
Strength isn’t solely defined by the number of victories you have won.
Unfortunately by the time I realized this, it was already too late.

No, I can’t give up.
Even if I lose, I gotta keep on going and climb my way back ‘till the bitter end!
If I’m going down, I’m going down fighting!
That’s what a pawn is supposed to do!
C’mon, think!
I’ve played hours and hours of games. 
If this is just like the real world, then that bike’s gotta have a weak point.
An internal combustion engine for the 20th century?
What’s its weakness? Think!
That’s it!

Ready to dance some more!

Just this once, Silver crow!
Move for me!
We gotta be faster than him!

Even if I can’t believe in myself, I can at least believe in everything she said!

Dumbass!
You really think a little shit stain like you can stop a monster bike like this?
You better let go, kid!
Or you gonna be ground down into a nub!

Almost there!

It’s all over!

OK! Here I go!

What the fuck is this?!

Pretty smart.
All bikes with internal combustion engines have rear wheel drive.
So if you hold the back end up, they become totally useless.
Ash Roller is now like a turtle that has been flipped on its back.

I’m impressed.
Well played, Silver Crow.
You are added to the list.
I’m rooting for ya.

Put me down! You little fart breather!
Let go of me already! 

Forget that!
Try using your front tire if you wanna go somewhere!

Don’t mess with me!
You son of a bitch!
You gonna pay!

You did it, Silver Crow!
I have to admit I thought you were done for.

Yeah, I know.
More than once I thought the same thing myself.

Don’t be so modest.
You earned that victory.

Not really.

So were you able to get your points back?

Yeah, I got them back and then some more.
I guess that’s because he was on level 2 this round.

Of course!
So that explains why he was able to climb up those walls.

I know!
When I thought that, I can’t believe it!

It was a great win, Haruyuki.
Nicely done.
You know what I think?
I think we should go cerebrate.
Where would you like…

Chiyu!

Just what you want with Haru?
Don’t you see what you’ve done?
Because you went and egg someone on yesterday, Haru here got beaten up again.
Now you are still doing it.
You are making a spectacle of him in front of everyone.
What sort of plan are you hatching?

Oh?

Next stage, investigation.
A mysterious enemy is stalking Kuroyukihime.
In the end, who will Haruyuki search and cover.
  