
Houki: Ichika, now!

Ichika: Laura, now!

Laura: Jawohl!

Cecilia: Don't worry, Ichika. I'm right here.

Rin: Come on, give that one more try!

Charlotte: Rin! Please hurry, Ichika! We can't hold on!

Ichika: You won't get away this time!

- - - - - OP - - - - -

Ichika: This is... This is way... way harder than I expected.

Maya: Congratulations for making it to the school.
I'm your fresh year sub homeroom teacher, Ms. Maya Yamada.
Ah, starting today, you're all now students of the IS Academy.
As you know, this is a boarding school. Students are together during and after school hours.
So I hope you'll get along and help each other, making the next 3 years enjoyable.
Now moving on to self-introductions. Um, let's go by numerical order on the class roll.

Ichika: Houki... Is that how you act towards your childhood friend you haven't seen for 6 years? Maybe she hates me.

Maya: Hello, Ichika Orimura.

Ichika: Here.

Maya: I do apologize for being so loud just then, but we started out with the As and I've already gotten all the way up to the Os.
So would you introduce yourself now, pretty please?

Ichika: Ah, you really don't need to be so apologetic.
Ah, Ichika Orimura. Nice to meet you all.
Oh no! If I don't say something else, they('ll) think I'm really depressing.
That's all! What? Was that bad? Sis?

Chifuyu: You will call me "Miss Orimura" at school.

Maya: Oh, you're back. Does that mean the meeting's over already?

Chifuyu: That's right, Ms. Yamada. I'm sorry about having to make you welcome my class for me.

Ichika: What is Chifuyu doing here anyway?
My real older sister who only comes home once or twice a month and no one has any idea what she does for a living.

Chifuyu: All right, class. I'm your homeroom teacher, Ms. Chifuyu Orimura.
It's my job to train you well enough to stand on your feet in one year.

Girls: Lady Chifuyu! That's really Lady Chifuyu!

You('ve/had) inspired me to come to this school from Kita-Kyushu! I'd die for you!

Chifuyu: I'm amazed how many nutjobs come to this school every year.
Do they put all the loonies in my class on purpose?

Girls: Lady Chifuyu, scold us more! Curse us out! Train us so we don't misbehave.

Ichika: My big sister is my homeroom teacher?

Chifuyu: So, have the instructions regarding addressing your instructor not taken yet?

Ichika: Well, Chifuyu... I was just...

Chifuyu: That's Ms. Orimura, right?

Ichika: Yes, Ms. Orimura.

Girls: What? You mean Orimura is Lady Chifuyu's younger brother?

I wonder, does that have anything to do with the fact that he's the only male in the world who can control an IS?

Chifuyu: That's enough.
Your syllabus for the next 6 months begins with memorizing all data concerning the IS.
After that, practical training, where you'll have 2 weeks to master the basic maneuvers.
So have you got that? Even if you don't, say "yes, ma'am."

Girls: Yes, ma'am!

Ichika: My sister, Chifuyu Orimura, was in the first generation of IS pilots who represented Japan.
Then out of the blue, she retired and just disappeared.
And now she's become a teacher? I feel so stupid for ever worrying about her.

Maya: Now as I'm sure all of you are already aware, IS actually stands for "Infinite Stratos."
It's a multi-form suit originally developed in Japan.
When it was first conceived 10 years ago, it was originally designed to be used in outer space.
However, those plans are currently on hold. Due to the Alaska Treaty, the IS is also prohibited from being used by the military.
Therefore, it's used solely for competitions and sporting events.
And our IS Academy is the only educational institution in the world established with the objective of training IS pilots.
Students from all around the world come to this school, where young people from a multitude of countries get to live,
work and study side by side everyday as they hone and perfect their piloting skills.
So starting today, let's all study hard over the next 3 years.

Girls: Yes, ma'am!

Ichika: She didn't mention that only females can operate an IS, except for one male in the whole world who's able to do it.
That's me. And I have no idea why.

Girls: Look, that's him. He's the only guy in the world who can use an IS.

I heard that he operated an IS during his entrance exam.

Yeah, it was a big international news.

So he did come into this school after all.

You should go talk to him.

Maybe I should.

Hey, wait just a minute. Are you trying to get ahead of us?

Ichika: Someone please, please save me from this situation.

Houki: Can we talk for a minute?

Ichika: So, what's up?

Houki: Umm...

Ichika: Well, it's been 6 years now. So is there something you wanted to say? Oh, that's right.

Houki: Ah, what's right?

Ichika: Well, I heard about you winning the international Kendo competition last year. Way to go.

Houki: What? How did you find out about that?

Ichika: What do you mean? It was in the newspaper.

Houki: And why were you looking at that newspaper?

Ichika: Yeah, actually...
You know, it's been ages, but even after 6 years, I recognized you right away, Houki.
You still have the same hairstyle.

Houki: Yeah, you don't forget a single thing, do you?

Ichika: How can I forget about you? You're my childhood friend.

Girls: Shoot! That's the bell.

What's with her? Who's Orimura's friend?

Ichika: Well, I guess we should head back now.

Houki: Yeah, I guess we should.

Maya: Okay, does anyone have any questions so far?

Ichika: This active whatever and that wide-area contraption..., what does that even mean?
Don't tell me I need to memorize all these stuff!

Maya: Do you have any questions, Orimura?

Ichika: Well...

Maya: Well, if you do have any questions, just ask me, okay? I am your teacher after all.

Ichika: Ms. Yamada...

Maya: Yes. Don't be shy.

Ichika: I don't understand any of this!

Maya: What? Not any of it?
Is there anyone else here who doesn't understand what we've covered so far?

Chifuyu: Orimura, Did you read the reference manual before school started?

Ichika: Um, are you talking about that big one?

Chifuyu: That's right. Didn't it say required reading?

Ichika: Yeah, but I accidentally threw it away.

Chifuyu: I'll get you a new copy then.
And I expect you to have the whole thing memorized within a week.

Ichika: What? That big book? Within a week?

Chifuyu: What did I say?

Ichika: Yes... ma'am.

Maya: Well then, let's continue with class. Please turn to page 12 in your textbooks.

Cecilia: May I have a moment?

Ichika: Huh?

Cecilia: Oh, what sort of a response is that?
You should be honored that I bothered speaking to you in the first place.
Don't you think you should behave in more appropriate manner?

Ichika: Look, I'm sorry, but I don't even know who you are, okay?

Cecilia: You don't know who I am? I'm Cecilia Alcott, England's representative contender, the one who scored highest on the...

Ichika: Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I have a question.

Cecilia: Well, it is the responsibility of nobles to answer queries from the lower classes. Do go ahead.

Ichika: You're a representative contender. Got it. What's that mean?

Cecilia: This is unbelievable!
I can only hope that every Japanese man is not this utterly devoid of knowledge.
I mean, it's nothing more than common sense, honestly.

Ichika: Are you gonna tell me what it is or don't you know either?

Cecilia: They are the chosen elites selected by their countries to represent them as IS pilots.
Surely you should be able to deduce that from the name alone.

Ichika: Oh, when you put it that way, it makes sense.

Cecilia: That's right. I am one of the elite.
It's a true miracle and your good fortune to get to be in the same homeroom with someone like me.
Oh what an incredibly lucky boy you are! Did that get through that thick skull of yours?

Ichika: I got it. I guess I'm lucky.

Cecilia: Wait, are you making fun of me now?

Ichika: Hey, you're the one who just said how lucky I was.

Cecilia: First of all, I'd like to know how you managed to enter this school with no knowledge about anything.
I heard that you're the only male who can control an IS. But you've been such a terrible disappointment.

Ichika: Yeah well, expecting anything from me sounds like a bad idea.

Cecilia: In any case, since I'm so remarkable, I can still find it in my heart to be considerate towards people such as yourself.
So, if you do have questions, I wouldn't mind answering them for you if you would plead with tears in your eyes.
After all, I did defeat an instructor during the entrance exam, which means that I am an elite amongst the elites...

Ichika: Um, I defeated an instructor, too.

Cecilia: What?

Ichika: Maybe it wasn't really defeat.
When an instructor charged at me, I dodged, she smashed to the wall and kaboom.

Cecilia: B-but I heard that I was the only one.

Ichika: They might've meant you were the only female.

Cecilia: Wait! Are you telling me that you've also defeated the instructor?

Ichika: Wait, now just calm down, okay?

Cecilia: Calm? How can I be calm at this insult!
We will be continuing this conversation later. Do you understand?

Ichika: If things are like this in the first day, I'm worried about the future.
This must be it. Wow...

Houki: Is someone out there?

Ichika: Girl?!

Houki: Oh hey. You must be my roommate. I look forward to having your company this year.
Sorry for meeting you like this, but I just got out of the shower. My name is Houki Shinonono.

- - - - -

Houki: I-I-Ichika?! Don't look!

Ichika: Ah! Sorry!

Houki: What the hell are you doing in here?

Ichika: Well, this happens to be my room and...
Hang on! That means you and I are sharing the same room!
Close call...
Are you honestly trying to kill me? I'd have been dead if I hadn't dodged that one!

Girls: Look, that's Orimura.

Hey, this is his room. That's a good thing to know, isn't it, girls?

Ichika: Houki! Ms. Houki, please let me in right now.
This is gonna be bad, I mean... I apologize! So please let me in.
Please I'm begging you!

Houki: All right then.

Ichika: Okay... Um, actually, I've wanted to have the bed that corner.

Houki: So, now it turns out you're my roommate.

Ichika: It... looks that way.

Houki: Just what are you up to?

Ichika: Huh?

Houki: I asked you "what are you up to?"
Don't you know that mixing genders past age seven is just wrong?

Ichika: Sounds like pretty old-fashioned thinking to me.
But actually, I suppose it could be a few wishes with it.
You know, with a 15-year-old guy and girl living to, I mean, sharing the same room.

Houki: You... You... You...

Ichika: Uh-huh?

Houki: You requested this room, didn't you? You had asked them to put us in here together!

Ichika: You're kidding me! Okay, this is scary.

Houki: Kidding am I. [Hoarsely] kidding. I get it. I get it!

Ichika: Scary face. Really scary face.

Girls: Shinonono's so bold.

Quit wiggling, it's hard to see.

Shoot, it's over already.

Just when it was starting to get good.

Houki: Ichika!

Ichika: What now?

Houki: As long as we're sharing the same room, I ah, think that you and I are going to need to establish some ground rules.
First, regarding shower use each hours. I'll use it between 7 and 8 PM. And you can use it from 8 to 9.

Ichika: But I wanna use it earlier than that.

Houki: Are you asking me not to shower after my club activities?

Ichika: You mean activities like Kendo? I thought they had showers in the club facility for that.

Houki: I really don't feel relaxing unless I shower in my own room.

Ichika: And I'd like to use the toilet in my own place more than using the ones at school.
Oh, hold on. There are no toilets in the rooms here, are there?

Houki: That's right. There only are restrooms at the end of each hallway.

Ichika: You think someone would have remembered that this place is all girls.
But worst-case scenario...

Houki: I see you've become quite a pervert during the years I haven't seen you. I'm very disappointed.

Ichika: What's that supposed to mean?

Houki: You wanna go in the girl's restroom.
What else would you call that besides perverted?
Ah, I should punish you right now!

Ichika: No, you don't. What the hell is this?

Houki: Give it back!

Ichika: Hey wait a second.

Houki: Hey hands off, you pervert!

Ichika: It would seem that you wear a bra now, huh.
Oops.
Um, hello. Are you still mad at me?

Houki: I am not mad at you.

Ichika: Then why are you still wearing a mad face?

Houki: Get used to it.

Girl: Hey, hey, that's Lady Chifuyu's younger brother, right?

Ichika: Wow, this stuff is delicious.

Girl: So they're both IS pilots, huh? I wonder if he's strong like her.

Ichika: Hey, Houki, do you think...

Houki: Don't use my first name!

Ichika: Ms. Shinonono.

Girls: Orimura, may we sit next to you?

Ichika: Huh? Sure. Go ahead and have a seat.

Girls: Oh yeah!

Oh man, we should've gone ask him earlier.

Relax. It's only the second day. There's no need to rush it.

Wow, Orimura, you sure do eat a lot for breakfast.

That's a typical boy.

Ichika: Actually, I was wondering if that's all you three eating for breakfast, it doesn't seem like enough.

Girls: Oh well sure... Well, you know...

Yeah, I mean we'll be okay, thanks.

Because we eat a lot of snacks.

Houki: I think I'll excuse myself now.

Ichika: Okay then. I'll see you later.

Girls: So you and Shinonono must be really close friends.

I heard that you two are even sharing the same room.

Ichika: Well, we are childhood friends.

Girls: Huh? You're childhood friends?

Ichika: Yeah. We started going to the same Kendo dojo back when we were in the first grade.
We were in class together until fourth grade.
But I don't remember much about it anymore. About the past.

Chifuyu: Less talking and more chewing! Pilots have to eat quickly and efficiently!
I'm the freshman dorm supervisor. Anyone late to class will do 10 laps around the school.

Ichika: Now I get it. No wonder she hardly ever came home.

Chifuyu: 2 weeks from today, you'll be asked to choose your representative for the class tournament.
A class representative, not only competes in the tournament, but also attends student council meetings and committee meetings.
Essentially, it's your class leader, okay? I will now take nominations. Any suggestions?

Girl: I'd like to nominate Orimura.

Ichika: Huh?

Girl: Dude, I think that's a good idea, too.

Ichika: Huh? You do?

Chifuyu: So is there anyone else? If not, he'll be elected without a vote.

Ichika: Hang on a minute. What if I don't want to do it?

Cecilia: I do not approve of this! This type of selection is utterly unacceptable.
It would be shameful to have a boy as our class representative.
You can't possibly expect that I, Cecilia Alcott, should have to deal with that sort of humiliation for an entire year!
In the first place, simply living in a country with such an underdeveloped level of culture is unbearably painful with someone like myself.
Hardly agony!

Ichika: Well, your country doesn't have that many things to brag about either.
How often has England won the world worst cuisine award?

Cecilia: We English have many delicious dishes.
I can't believe you would have the audacity to insult my country.
This calls for a duel!

Ichika: Fine by me. It'll be easier than debating.

Cecilia: And if you should have a lose to me on purpose, I promise to make you my servant. No, I shall make you my slave!

Ichika: How much handicap will it be?

Cecilia: Are you asking me for a favor already?

Ichika: No. I was wondering how much the handicap I should give you.

Girls: Orimura, are you serious?

Yeah, men used to be stronger than women, but that was before the IS was invented.

People say if men and women would have a war, it wouldn't even last 3 days.

Ichika: Oh, damn. It's right.

Cecilia: As a matter of fact, I'm the one who should be wondering about giving you a handicap.
Japanese boys are so humorous, aren't they?

Girl: Hey, if you're nice, a real lady might still give you that handicap, you know.

Ichika: And a real man never goes back on his word. I'll pass.

Girl: Um, you're underestimating her.

Chifuyu: It looks like that's settled then.
The competition will be staged in Arena 3, which I believe is available Monday.
Orimura and Alcott, I expect you to come fully prepared for combat.

- - - - - ED - - - - -

At last, Infinite Stratos has finally begun.
And now there's a duel with the British girl in a personal IS.
Do you think Orimura will be all right?

If he loses, I think the entire class should cheer him up together.

Wait, it looks like Orimura has some secret strategies, too.

I heard that Lady Chifuyu has something awesome for him.

All right! I'm so looking forward to it!

Next episode, Class Rep.(Representative) Selection Match.

Hooray, hooray, Orimura!
  