
Chifuyu: This is his only chance because it just works once.

Rin: Whatever happens, it's not my fault!

Ichika: I have to get it to recover. I'm using the exact same machine that Chifuyu uses.

Maya: So it really was unmanned. And it seems the core was unregistered.

- - - - -OP- - - - -

Dan: So, everyone except you is a girl, huh? Must be nice to be you.

Ichika: Oh, no, it's not.

Dan: Oh man, you're such a liar. Your e-mails alone tell me that you live in the paradise. Got any comp tickets?

Ichika: No, you idiot.
Although, it has been nice since Rin transferred to my school.
Before that, I didn't have many people to talk to.

Dan: Oh yeah, I get it. Rin, huh?

Ran: Hey, Bro! Your lunch's ready now. Hurry up and eat. Ichika! Is that you?

Ichika: Hey, Ran. Long time no see, huh?

Ran: I, ah, I'm sorry! I didn't know you were here.

Ichika: Oh, yeah, I had a quick break.
So I thought I'd check on the house and drop by here.

Ran: Oh, I see.

Dan: Hey, Sis, can't you knock?
Now he'd think that you're rude.
I mean, he is our guest after all.

Ran: Why didn't you tell me about it then?

Dan: Oh, I guess I didn't tell you. You're right. Sorry about that, Sis.

Ran: Um, Ichika. Stay here as long as you want, okay?

Ichika: You've changed your clothes. Are you about to go out somewhere?

Ran: Oh, this? Well, this is really just ah...

Ichika: Ah, a date!

Ran: I'm not dating anyone!

Dan: I bet you act exactly like that at school, too, right?

Ichika: Huh? What are you talking about?

Dan: Just forget about it. I feel sorry for Rin.

Maya: Surprise, it's moving day!

Ichika&Houki: What?

Maya: We've made new arrangements for you.
Ms. Shinonono, you'll be moving to a different room.

Houki: Now wait just a darn minute!
Are you saying that I have to pack and move out right away?

Ichika: Huh?

Maya: Oh, yes, I think that would be for the best.
After all, I'm sure this situation where a young man and a young woman have to share the same room isn't really comfortable for either of you.

Houki: Well, to be honest...

Ichika: Hey, you don't have to worry about me.
I'm sure I can get up on time and brush my teeth, even without your help.

Houki: Ms. Yamada! I wanna change rooms right now!

Maya: O-Okay.

Ichika: What were she so upset about now?
Well, guess I'll go to bed. No point thinking about it.
Yeah? Oh, did you forget something?

Houki: I... I came to [block] our terms.

Ichika: Why are you being so formal?

Houki: In regards to the individual tournament next month.
If I win the tournament, if I do, you have to date me!

Ichika: What?

Girls: Did you hear that?

We did.

This news is... really big!

Hey, have you all heard the latest rumor?

What? You mean about the IS from the other day?

Supposedly, machine that was doing testing on a rampage.

No, that's not it. Whoever wins the tournament this month gets to go on a date with Orimura.

Cecilia: So do you know what it is that all these girls are so excited about?

Houki: I have absolutely no idea whatsoever.

Girls: The story's distorted and spreading like crazy.

You must have said something to someone. That has to be it.

Oh, no way! I don't really think that could have been what happened at all.

Ichika: Good morning! What's with all the excitement?

Girls: Oh, no reason.

Chifuyu: Get in your seat now. Homeroom'll start immediately.

Maya: Guess what, class? We're about to meet yet another new transfer student.

Charles: I'm Charles Dunois. And I have come from France. It is nice to meet you.

Girl: Dude, you're a boy?

Charles: Oui. I heard about a male student who was in the same situation as I am, so I transferred here. Huh?

Girls: This is second male student?

And he's in our class.

He's surely the type girls want to protect.

Chifuyu: Silent, damn it! That's quite enough!
Today we're conducting joint practical training with Class Two.
I want everyone changed and assembled on the second ground asap.
And Orimura.

Ichika: Yes?

Chifuyu: Since you're both males, I want you to keep an eye on Dunois.
Let's get moving, girls!

Charles: So you're Orimura. Nice to meet you. I am...

Ichika: Oh, no time for that. Getting there is our top priority.
The girls will start changing soon, so ah... Let's get our motor on.
We're gonna be changing in a locker room at the arena.
We have to change there every time we have practical training, so you'd better get used to beating the girls.

Charles: Oh, right.

Ichika: Hey, why do you look so anxious? Do you need to use a restroom?

Charles: No, that's not it.

Girls: Hey, I see the new transfer student!

And he's standing with Orimura!

Charles: Mon Dieu!

Girls: There he is!

Up there!

Moving out of our way!

Ichika: Run for it.

Girls: Hey, wait!

Hey, wait, at least let me take a picture for the paper.

Charles: What are they making such a racket for?

Ichika: Well, I'm pretty sure that it has something to do with the fact you and I are the only males who've been able to operate an IS so far.

Charles: Oh, yes. That's right, we are.

Ichika: Just keep running, okay?
I think we managed to lose them somehow.

Charles: I'm sorry. I've already gotten you into trouble.

Ichika: No problem. I mean, you're my savior.
It's tough to be the only guy in the entire school.

Charles: No, really?

Ichika: Yeah, so I owe you one. My name is Ichika Orimura. But just call me Ichika.

Charles: It's nice to meet you, Ichika. You may call me Charles if you'd like.

Ichika: Oh man! Look at the time!
We've gotta long run so hurry up and get changed.
Come on, you'll be late if you don't get changed fast.
And our teacher happens to be very insistent on punctuality.

Charles: I'm going to change now. But would you mind looking the other way, s'il vous plaît?

Ichika: I wasn't going to stare at you while you're changing, but whatever. Just hurry it up, okay?

Charles: Is something wrong?

Ichika: It's just that you changed incredibly fast.
Do you have some secret trick to that or something?

Charles: Oh, not really. I don't.

Ichika: That's a shame that these things are pain to put on.
Since you can't wear any underwear beneath so my things are always getting caught.

Charles: Your things get caught?

Ichika: And how. Your suit looks really easy to put on.

Charles: Mm-hm, it's an original made by Dunois.

Ichika: Dunois? Your last name is Dunois, too, right?

Charles: My papa is the company's CEO.
As you know, Dunois is the largest IS related corporation in all France.

Ichika: Ah, so you're the CEO's son. Now it makes sense.

Charles: Hm? Just what does that mean?

Ichika: Well, I don't know what it is, but you've got class.
You look like you've come from prestigious family. So now I get it.

Chifuyu: Your practical training begins now.

Girls: Right!

Chifuyu: First, we need to demonstrate a real battle. Fan, Alcott.

Rin: Ma'am.

Cecilia: Ma'am.

Chifuyu: Since you have your own machines, I'm sure you'll gladly volunteer. Step forward, girls.

Rin: What a nuisance. Why is it always me?

Cecilia: Oh my, such a bogus spectacle, do I really up to do this?

Chifuyu: Show a little more enthusiasm.
This is the perfect chance to show off for the boys.

Cecilia: It looks like it's time for Cecilia Alcott, England's representative contender to step up and take charge.

Rin: Yeah, and I can show the difference between those who have personal machines and those who don't.

Charles: What did the teacher just say to those girls?

Ichika: How on earth will I know that?

Cecilia: So who's my rival? I wouldn't mind tossing you away restaurent girl.

Rin: That's my line. You're dead meat.

Chifuyu: Oh don't get ahead of yourselves. You haven't met your opponent.

Maya: Get out of the way! Please! Beg you!
Excuse me... Orimura.
Yes, so it does appear to be a little bit of a problem here.
You see, if this progresses Ms. Orimura's gonna be my sister-in-law.
And well, I have to admit that does some quite...

Ichika: Sorry!

Cecilia: Oh my goodness. Sorry, I seem to have misfired.

Rin: Ichika!

Maya: Hey, Orimura, you didn't get hurt there, did you?

Ichika: I'm fine, thank you so much for asking though.

Chifuyu: By the way, Ms. Yamada used to be a representative contender.
Making a shot like that is nothing for her.

Maya: Thanks, but that was a long time ago.
And I could never break free from being just a contender.

Chifuyu: But you're still more than a match for these two together.

Cecilia: What? You can't mean it's going to be two against one.

Rin: I don't think that's a very good idea.

Chifuyu: Oh, don't worry.
I'm sure your embarrassment won't last very long.
Let the carnage... begin!

- - - - -

Cecilia: Just so you know, I'm not going to hold back.

Rin: We weren't actually being serious earlier anyway.

Maya: Well, here I come.

Chifuyu: Mr. Dunois. I'd like you to tell us about the IS that Ms. Yamada is using.

Charles: That's of course.
Ms. Yamada's IS is "Rafale Revive," made by the Dunois Corporation.
It was created at the end of the second generation development.
However, its specs are not inferior to the early third generation models.
This is the latest mass-produced model IS that is currently in use.
Right now, its market share ranks third worldwide.
Furthermore, this model can be modified combat, artillery and defense.

Cecilia: I can't believe this is happening to me.

Rin: Couldn't you tell that she knew just exactly which way you would go to try to escape former [farmer]?

Cecilia: And what about you? You were taking unnecessary shots like an idiot!

Chifuyu: I hope you now all understand what your instructor is capable of.
And knowing that, show her the proper respect.
For the first phase of practical training, you'll form teams.
Those who have personal machines will be the group leaders. So get forming already!

Girls: Let me join your group, Orimura.

I want to see your control techniques, Dunois.

Oh hey, can I join you, too?

Rin: Don't touch anything unless I tell you to.
And I'm not responsible if you hurt yourself.

Cecilia: Now, I want you ladies to take turns and try putting it on.

Rin: I really wish I could have gone over there, too.

Cecilia: It's times like this when I curse myself for being such an elite.

Ichika: Okay, in order of your attendance number, I want you to put on the IS, activate it and walk. The first one up is...

Kiyoka: Me, me! My attendance number is one. I'm Kiyoka Aikawa.
I'm in the handball club and my hobbies include watching sports and jogging.
Nice to meet you.

Girls: Hey, no fair.

Yeah, me too.

Me three!

I'm [yours] with your first sight.

Pick me, pick me, pick me... Please, please, please...

Ichika: Welcome to the man [xxx], Charles.
That's it, Aikawa. Just like that. Very good.
Okay, can you stop now?
Okay. Now, switch to the next person.

Kiyoka: I was so nervous.

Ichika: So, who's next?

Houki: It's me. However... there's no way I can reach the cockpit with the left like that.

Maya: Actually, that's a common mistake a lot of riders make in the beginning.
Orimura, can you make sure she's properly mounted?

Ichika: What?

Houki: Excuse me?!

Maya: Orimura, take Byakushiki out now.

Ichika: Right.

Houki: Ah, and just what is he supposed to be doing with that?

Maya: He's going to pick you up in his arms of course.
And they'll shove you on that big thing.

Houki: He's going to pick me up? And shove me on it?

Ichika: I guess I have no choice, huh. Try not to fall, okay?

Houki: So this must be what it's like... to be carried like a princess.

Ichika: You know how to operate it, right?
Just activate and walk then switch to the next person.

Houki: Ichika!

Ichika: Yes, Houki.

Houki: I was just wondering whether you had made any plans yet for lunch today.

Ichika: No. Not really. Why?

Houki: That's excellent! Me, neither.
Hey, why don't you and I have a lunch together outside for a change?
Wouldn't that be nice?

Ichika: Sure, I guess so.

Houki: Yes! What's going on here?

Ichika: Well, the more the merrier, don't they say?
Plus, Charles's only just transferred to this school.
So he doesn't really know his way around without me.

Houki: Maybe so, but...

Charles: Um, Ichika. Do you think it was really okay for me to join you here?

Ichika: Of course it was. We boys should stick together especially since we'll be roommates so now on.

Charles: I'm so touched. You know, you're really a sweet guy.

Rin: Would you like to tell me why you're blushing?

Ichika: Blushing? I'm not blushing, am I?
Wow, sweet-and-sour pork.

Rin: Yup. Made it this morning.
You said you wanted to have some, right?

Cecilia: Ahem. Ichika. It's so happened that I also awakened bright and early this morning.
And so I prepared this delightful basket of sandwiches for you.
I just um, want to let you know that we do have tasty food in England as well.

Ichika: Yeah well, it sure does look good. Let me try this one.

Cecilia: Good, yes? I do have if you like it, there's plenty more so eat all you want.

Ichika: Oh well then... I'll have some later, okay?
Let's see... I have to try Houki's next.

Houki: Well, this is what I brought.

Ichika: Oh, that looks so good. You spent so much time with this.

Houki: I was already making some for myself.
So I made some for you, too, but I only spent time on it because it was for me.

Ichika: I know, but it's still amazing. Thanks so much, Houki.
Hold on, stomach. Here comes a good stuff.
Wow, so good! I bet you really put a lot of effort on making this.

Houki: Oh, just some ginger, soy sauce and grated garlic to season it.
Oh and I added a little pepper to it at the beginning as well.
The secret ingredient is a little bit of grated daikon.

Ichika: This is seriously good. Aren't you gonna eat any, Houki?

Houki: No, I already ate the ones that didn't come out as well.
What I meant by that is I'm fine, honestly.
But I glad you like it. Please enjoy the rest.

Ichika: Oh, you should have some, too. Come here. Open it wide!

Houki: What are you doing?

Ichika: Come on. Just one bite.

Houki: Okay then, just one bite. It is good.

Ichika: I know. This fried chicken is really delicious.

Houki: No, it's not fried chicken, but it is good.

Charles: Oh, I believe I know what is going on here.
You must be doing the famous say "Ah!" thing the Japanese couples do. Am I right?
You guys must get along well.

Rin: But why are they getting along so well?

Cecilia: I find this completely outrageous. I demand to do over!

Charles: I have an idea.
Why don't we all exchange one piece with each other?
There's no problem if we all feed each other, non?

Ichika: No, I don't mind.

Rin: Well, I guess it's all right as long as Ichika doesn't mind.

Cecilia: Normally, I wouldn't do anything that so goes against the fundamentals of proper table manners.
But I suppose I should follow the old expression. "When in Rome do as the Romans do. "

Rin: All right, eat my pork! Try my sweet-and-sour pork now, Ichika!

Cecilia: Here, Ichika. You'll love my sandwich bread.

Ichika: Two guys sharing a room is more like it, huh?

Charles: This is more different from European tea.
It's not what I'm used to, but it is tea quite excellent.
So I understand that you've been doing your IS training after school every day.
Would that be correct?

Ichika: Yeah, but that's so only because I'm way behind everybody else.

Charles: So would you mind if I start the training with you?
I think I can be of help to you since I have my own machine.

Ichika: Sure. That would be great.

Charles: Okay then. It's a deal.

Maya: Okay, class. I have yet another exciting announcement to make today.
I'm about to introduce another new addition to our expanding classroom.
Meet our newest transfer student from Germany. Laura Bodewig.

Girls: Huh?

What's going on?

Two transfer students in only two days?

No matter how you look at it, it's very strange.

Maya: Please be quiet now, everyone.
Her introduction isn't over yet, so show some respect.

Chifuyu: Yes, go ahead, Laura. Please finish.

Laura: Jawohl, Mentor.

Ichika: Mentor? So that means when Chifuyu was in Germany, she was...

Laura: I am Laura Bodewig.

Maya: So, um, is that all you wanted to say, Laura?

Laura: Yeah [Ja], that's all. And you must be...
I do not approve. In fact, I will never approve that you're her brother!

- - - - -ED- - - - -

We've got another transfer student.

And she's the representative contender from Germany.

And it seems that she has unusual connection with Orimura.

But why is she acting so hostile towards him?

And what is relationship with Lady Chifuyu?

What really happened to them in the past? The story unfolds with so many mysteries.

Check it out. And it looks like some kind of drama is going on with Charles as well.

It's the next episode, My Roommate is a Blonde, Young Nobleman.

And the secret of the beautiful boy will finally be revealed!
  