
Ichika: But even after 6 years, I recognized you right away, Houki.

Houki: Don't look.

Cecilia: This calls for a duel!

- - - - - OP - - - - -

Chifuyu: Orimura, I'm afraid that it would be a while before your IS is ready for you.

Ichika: What?

Chifuyu: On the plus side, due to certain issues, the school will provide you with a personal IS.

Girls: What? A personal IS when he's only a freshman?

In other words, that means the government is supporting this?

That's so awesome! I wanna get my own IS, too.

Ichika: Is having your own IS really that major of a deal?

Cecilia: I'm actually rather relieved to hear that.
After all, then the class representative selection match between you and I, the outcome is already obvious.
But it's simply not fair for you to use a training model whilst I pilot my own personal unit.

Ichika: Hold on, you have your own IS as well?

Cecilia: Oh, don't you know? Very well then.
As you were a commoner, I shall have to explain.
I, Cecilia Alcott, am a glorious representative contender for Great Britain.
In other words, I currently own my own personal IS.
There are only 467 IS units worldwide.
So obviously, those who have their own personal units are the elites of the elite amongst the planet's population of 7 billion.

Ichika: Only 467? That's all?

Girl: That's because the central component of all IS technology, the core, has never been released.
As a result, there are only 467 machines in the entire world.
And Doctor Tabane Shinonono has personally produced every one of those cores.

Ichika: Wait. Isn't that Houki's sister?

Girl: Supposedly, the IS core's like a self-contained black box.
This's because no one other than Doctor Shinonono can create one.
But the thing is, so far, she's refused to manufacture more than a certain number of cores.
Therefore countries, corporations and organizations are forced to conduct their research, development and training, using the limited number of IS units.

Chifuyu: To complete our little history lesson, personal IS units were originally only intended for those sponsored by governments or corporations.
However, your case is exceptional. Therefore they will provide you with a personal IS for data collection purposes. Is that all clear?

Ichika: I guess so.

Girl: Um, excuse me, ma'am.
Do you know if that Ms. Shinonono in our class is related to Doctor Shinonono by any chance?

Chifuyu: Actually, your classmate is her younger sister.

Girls: Wow! Seriously? She's her sister?

I heard that Doctor Shinonono has been missing and the every country and corporation has been desperately trying to find her.

Yeah, don't you know where she is?

Houki: She has nothing to do with me!
I am not my sister. And there's nothing I can tell you about her.

Chifuyu: All right, Ms. Yamada. Shall we start?

Maya: All right. Now then, let's begin the class. Everyone please open your textbooks.

Ichika: I don't remember there being any bad blood between Houki and Tabane.

Maya: We'll continue from where we left up yesterday.
The IS, or Infinite Stratos deploys a special energy barrier that operates as protection for its pilot.
The unit system has something similar to a consciousness.
So through share dialogue and time spent together, the two of you will actually get to know each other.
Depending on how much time a pilot spends controlling an IS, it begins to understand the user's characteristics.

Ichika: I just don't understand this.

Maya: So your IS isn't just a tool, it's that think of it as your big mechanical partner.
Are there any questions so far?

Girl: Yes, ma'am! So, did you mean partner as a boy friend or a girl friend?

Maya: Oh I'm not sure! That is... I'm not experienced that way so I don't know. Oh but I wonder...

Girl: You're so cute.

Ichika: Is this really a typical all girls' school atmosphere?
Hey, Houki. Ms. Shinonono. Let's go eat lunch.
Would anyone like to join us?

Girls: Yes, me, me!

Oh, me too!

I've made my lunch, but I'm coming, too.

Ichika: Sure. We should all try to get along with our fellow classmates, okay?
You agree with me, right?

Houki: I think I'll pass.

Ichika: Oh, don't be such a grumpy face. Come on.

Houki: I already said I'm not going.

Ichika: Oh, you don't feel like walking? I'll carry you piggyback.

Houki: Let go!

Ichika: Ow...god, you're so strong.

Houki: Yeah, well, maybe you're the one who's gotten weak.
That was a little trick from my Kendo training.

Girl: Umm... We think that maybe we should pass this time...

Houki: Yeah, what? You have something else stupid to say to me?

Ichika: Houki.

Houki: I told you not to call me that.

Ichika: Come on. Let's go eat.

Houki: Hey, give it a rest.

Ichika: Shut up and let's go.
You didn't have to get so upset like that.
I was just trying to look after you, you know.

Houki: Yeah. Who asked you to do that anyway?

Ichika: Even if someone asked me, I wouldn't normally do that.
I did it because it's you, Houki.

Houki: What? What's that mean?

Ichika: Oh look, I owe a lot to your aunt, too.
Besides, we're childhood friends and roommates.
So at least let me meddle in your life a little.

Houki: Well, I guess. Thank you.

Woman: Here you go. Two daily specials.

Ichika: Thank you. Hey, Houki, did you see any empty tables on the way in?

Houki: There's one right over there.

Ichika: Great. What I do now? Hey, Houki.

Houki: Yeah, what now?

Ichika: Would you be willing to teach me more about the IS?
'Cause I think I'm gonna lose to Cecilia the way things are going.

Houki: Yeah, because you let her provoke you.

Ichika: I know that. But please help me.

Girl: Hey. Aren't you the one everyone's talking about?
You're going to be competing against a representative contender.
But you've never flown for real, have you?
If you want, I could teach you lots of things about the IS.

Houki: No thanks. Actually I'm the one who's going to be teaching him.

Girl: But you're a freshman, too, right?
I'm a senior after all. I think I'll do a much better job teaching him the ropes.

Houki: But I am Tabane Shinonono's sister.
But thanks for the offer.

Girl: Fine. I guess some things can't be helped.

Ichika: So then... You will teach me?

Houki: Okay, what in the hell is going on here?

Ichika: I-I don't know what you mean.

Houki: How did you allow yourself to become so weak?
What club were you in in middle school?

Ichika: The go-home club. Three years of perfect attendance.

Houki: Then you'll retrain. This problem comes before the IS.
Effective immediately you will be in training with me for 3 hours every day after school.

Ichika: Hang on! I wanted you to teach me about the IS.

Houki: And I said "this problem comes before the IS!"

Girls: Man, Orimura is kind of weak.

Do you think he can really control an IS?

Houki: I wonder if I came down just a little too hard on him.
No way! He had it coming.
It was obvious he hadn't wielded a sword for at least a year.
Otherwise, there's no way he would have ever lost to me so easily.
He's changed. In the past 6 years when I didn't see him, Ichika's really changed so much.
So this means his intensive training will begin tomorrow.
That means I'll get to be alone with Ichika after school...
No! I'm not thinking about things like that at all!
It's just that I'm genuinely upset of my childhood friend's weakness, right. That's why it's okay.

Ichika: Ah, Houki.

Houki: What now?

Ichika: Well, the thing is, you promised me that you were going to teach me about the IS.
Hey, don't turn away from me.
Thanks to you, the only thing I've done this week is practice Kendo techniques.

Houki: Well, I can't do anything about that. And your IS hasn't been delivered yet anyway.

Ichika: Even without one, you could still at least teach me stuff about the basics.
And I said don't turn away from me!
So that's her personal IS. Whoa.

Maya: Orimura! Orimura! Orimura!
It's here. Your personal IS has just arrived.

Chifuyu: Orimura, you need to get ready at once.
The amount of time we can use the arena is limited.
You'll have to learn how to make it yours during the match itself.

Maya: This is Orimura's personal IS. The Byakushiki!

- - - - -

Chifuyu: Hurry up and get suited.
The time is limited. You'll do the formatting and fitting while the match is in progress.

Houki: What's wrong?

Ichika: It's not like the first time I touched an IS. There's something different.

Maya: Orimura? Are you all right?

Ichika: Uh-huh. I'm just fine.
There's something familiar about it. I understand it.
I can understand what it is. And its purpose.

Chifuyu: Show you entrust your life to it. Let it take control. The system will optimize the rest.

AI: Access. System start.

Ichika: Byakushiki... This is Byakushiki.

Maya: Cecilia Alcott's machine is called "Blue Tears." It's a long-range model IS.

Ichika: Blue Tears, got it.

Maya: In every IS unit, there's a feature referred to as "absolute defense."
Its prime main function is always to protect the pilot's life during any attack.
However, that deployment would cause your shield energy to be badly depleted.
Do you understand that?

Chifuyu: So Orimura, are you feeling up to this?

Ichika: Yeah, piece of cake.

Chifuyu: Well see.

Ichika: Hey, Houki.

Houki: Huh?

Ichika: Here we go.

Houki: Oh, okay. Win this.

Ichika: Time off!

Cecilia: Just so you know, this is your last chance.

Ichika: To do what?

Cecilia: It's obvious to everyone that I'm going to defeat you overwhelmingly.
So why not simply apologize to me right now when I just might be able to forgive you.

Ichika: You can't really call that a chance.

Cecilia: Oh, I can't? Well, too bad for you.
Now then... Time to say goodbye!

Ichika: Damn it! I can't keep up with Byakushiki's reactions.

Cecilia: Now you will dance for me. That's right.
Dance to the waltz that Cecilia Alcott and Blue Tears are playing.

Ichika: Oh, crap. The shield is getting weak. Where're my weapons?
Is that all? It's better than bare hands, I guess.

Cecilia: So this isn't your brilliant plan, is it?
Challenging my long-range IS in hand-to-hand combat?
Don't be ridiculous.
You're the first opponent to last this long.
You've fought longer against Blue Tears in an initial match than anyone.
And I must applaud you for that.

Ichika: Thanks a lot.

Cecilia: But, now the time has come for the finale.
I'll take... your left leg!

Ichika: It's all or nothing!

Maya: Orimura!

Houki: Ichika!

Cecilia: You're reckless, aren't you? But it's a pointless struggle.

Ichika: Well, now I finally get it.
Your weapons won't move without your commands. That's the trick.
And there's more than that, you can't make any other attacks while you're in motion.
That's because you're focused solely on defense, right?

Maya: That was really impressive. I can't believe this is his second time in an IS.

Chifuyu: Oh, that idiot. He's too worked up.

Maya: But why would you say that?

Chifuyu: Haven't you noticed the way he keeps opening and closing his left hand?
Whenever the kid does that, he starts making really stupid mistakes.

Maya: I get it. I guess it's how it's to be a sister.

Ichika: Two more left.
But I know she's going to attack when my response speed is the slowest.
That means... it's to my advantage to close the distance.

Cecilia: I see, he fell for it. So sorry. There are more than four.

Ichika: Oh, crap!

Houki: Ichika!

Chifuyu: The IS saved him. He's such a little twit.

Houki: Ichika.

Girls: What's happening?

The shape of Orimura's personal IS has changed.

AI: Format setting complete.

Ichika: Huh, what's this?

Cecilia: That can't be. That's your first shift?
How could anyone have fought an entire battle like this with their IS in a default setting?

Ichika: I'm not sure what the heck I've been doing.
But it looks like... this IS has finally become my own.
The Yukihira Nigata? Isn't the Yukihira the same weapon Chifuyu used?
Man. I really do have the best big sister in the entire world.
But I think it's about time to change the relationship where I'm the one who always has to be protected.
From now on, I'm going to be protecting as well.

Cecilia: Huh? Just what are you talking about?

Ichika: I'm saying I will defend my sister's name.
It'll make her look lame if her brother is so candy-assed weakling.

Cecilia: Honestly, you're such a pain.

Ichika: Too late! I'm seeing them now. Yes, I can do this!

Announcement: The match is concluded. Winner, Cecilia Alcott.

Ichika: What?

Cecilia: What?

Girls: What?

Ichika: Okay. So why did I lose again?

Chifuyu: You lost because you used the barrier-disabling attack.
Without taking into account how using it would affect everything else.

Ichika: The barrier disabling attack...

Chifuyu: Which punctures the opponent’s barrier and passes the impact directly to its body.
That's something only Yukihira can do.
However, that ability has to cannibalize your own shield energy in order to function.
Actually, I have to admit that when I won the first Mondo Grosso, it was mostly as a result of that one ability.

Ichika: I see. So that's why Byakushiki's remaining shield energy suddenly dropped to zero.

Maya: When a competitor's shield energy becomes zero, that player loses the IS battle.
The barrier disabling attack does damage your opponent, but in exchange, it will cost you your shield.
It's really a classic double-edged sword.

Chifuyu: Right. And it means your IS is defective.

Ichika: Defective how?

Chifuyu: Okay, maybe that was a bad way to phrase it.
An IS isn't complete to begin with, so it can't be defective per se.
But since yours is so much more offense-oriented than others, it can't be handled the same way.

Maya: At the moment, your IS is in standby mode.
But all you have to do is call it and it'll deploy right away.
However, there are a lot of regulations, so read this thoroughly.

Ichika: And now she'll be the class representative, huh?
And what does that look mean?

Houki: Well, are you upset that you lost?

Ichika: Oh, yeah, sure.

Houki: Ah, so, I guess starting tomorrow, maybe we ought to start some intensive IS training.

Ichika: I guess.

Houki: Um, you still... You do want me to continue teaching you, right?

Ichika: Yeah, of course I do. I'd rather ask you than any other girl.
I mean, you're Tabane's sister so who else would know as much?

Houki: Okay. All right. I understand. I have to then.
Right! I hereby agree to teach you about the IS.
Starting tomorrow, I want you to be waiting for me every day after school, okay?

Ichika: Yes, ma'am. Hey, wait.

Cecilia: Why am I feeling this way?
Even though I was the winner.
Ichika... Orimura...

- - - - - ED - - - - -

Hey, who's that girl?

And how come she seems to be so close to Orimura?

She's the one from China who has her own personal IS.
Supposedly, she's Orimura's friend from middle school.

Not only that, she's the class representative of Class 1-2, so that means...

She's going to fight him in the class match.

The next episode, The Transfer Student is the Second Childhood Friend.

Oh, I wonder if her IS wears an outfit that's like a Chinese dress.

No way! That would be impossible!
  