
Laura: To think I'm going to face you on the very first match, how very convenient.
Now I don't even have to wait.

Ichika: Yeah, that's how I feel. [Like Christmas with more violence.]

Ichika&Laura: I will crush you!

Rin: Just as I expected.

Cecilia: AIC... And I thought he understood it now.

Laura: A preemptive attack right after the match begins? You're so predictable.

Ichika: Thanks so much. I'm so glad to know that you're able to read my mind.

- - - - -OP- - - - -

Charles: You won't get away!

Rin: Now here comes the Rapid Switch.

Houki: You better not forget about me, gentlemen.
What are you doing?

Rin: Poor Houki... Do you think Laura thought that was helping her?

Cecilia: No, she was just in her way. That stupid German cow.

Charles: I'm sorry that your opponent's not Ichika.

Houki: What? Stop that!

Maya: So do you think that their plan is to go after Ms. Shinonono first?

Chifuyu: Smart strategy.
Bodewig doesn't understand the advantage of having anyone else on her side in a combat situation.
She's been unable to think of her partner as an asset from the start.

Maya: But in contrast to Bodewig's approach, the coordination that Orimura and Dunois had displayed has been simply brilliant so far.

Chifuyu: Yes, but I would expect nothing less from them.

Houki: Is that it?

Charles: Thanks for waiting.

Ichika: And thanks for the assist. Merci, Charles. So where's Houki?

Charles: Oh, she's taking a break.

Ichika: Now that was impressive.
But I have a little something else up my sleeve.
One more time!

Laura: The assistance is futile.

Ichika: Sorry, Laura. You're forgetting something.
There are two people in our team, remember?
See that? So predictable.

Maya: Another combination?

Chifuyu: He's finally realized the fundamental weakness of the AIC.

Maya: Huh?

Chifuyu: Its overall effectiveness.
It can only be sustained while your focus remains on your target.

Laura: Oh, you can't keep fighting now that your shield energy has been exhausted, can you?
Now you're just in my way!

Ichika: Charles, no!

Laura: Die!

Charles: It's not over yet!

Laura: He has an ignition boost? But [doesn't have it] in the data.

Charles: That's right. Because I've never used it before.

Laura: You mean you just have learned how to do that?
But it's powerless against my canceling barrier.

Rin: That's Charles' assault rifle.

Laura: Why won't you just die already?!

Charles: You're heading the wrong way. Or can't you hit me from here?

Laura: Nein! That's the Shield Pierce?

Ichika: That's it!

Laura: No, I can't lose! There's no way I can lose! I can't!

Man: DNA reinforced specimen, C-0037. Your new code name would be "Laura Bodewig."

Laura: I was created, born, raised and trained for one purpose only.
I was made... to fight. But not just a fighter. I was an elite.
And I was always on top. However, that all changed.
Then the world's most powerful weapon emerged. The IS.
After that, in order to enhance my compatibility, a surgical procedure was performed immediately.
And my eye was implanted with a nano machine. I was willing to have the modification.
However, my body was unable to accommodate the augmentation.
And as a result, I was labeled a failure--until one day I met her. And [Und] everything changed. 
She was an extremely skilled instructor.
And once again, in the IS dedicated unit, I had [once] become the best.

I want to become as strong as you are. What is it that makes you so strong?

Chifuyu: I do it for my younger brother.

Laura: No. But why do you look so soft?
You have great strength, dignity and confidence.
Those things are what I admire in you.
That is why I cannot forgive him.
That is why I cannot approve of a man who could make my instructor that face.
I want power.

???: Do you shout? Do you want to attain greater power?

Laura: Give me that power. Give me unmatched power!

- - - - -

Charles: Mon Dieu.

Ichika: My God!

Chifuyu: Security alert, level D.

Maya: Yes, ma'am.

Ichika: What is that thing?

Announcement: This is a state of emergency. All tournament matches are canceled.
This situation has been classified level D, and we're sending a team of instructors to bring that matter under control.
All guests and students must evacuate immediately.

Rin: Poor Laura...

Ichika: Yukihira... Just like my sister Chifuyu's.

Maya: That thing out there seems to be completely different from the one that attacked here last month.
What do you think happened to Ms. Bodewig?

Ichika: This is mine!
That sword technique. I remember.
That was the first technique I ever learned from Chifuyu.
Damn you... You're copying my sister to fight me?
How dare you?! I'll make you pay!

Houki: What are you doing, you idiot? Are you trying to get killed?

Ichika: Let me go, damn it! She's really pissed me off! I'll destroy her!

Maya: What's going on? Why isn't she moving?

Chifuyu: Perhaps it's some kind of automatic program that only responds to weapons or attacks.

Maya: An automatic program? But that would mean that Ms. Bodewig's will is...

Ichika: Stay out of my way!

Houki: Now stop it! What in the hell is wrong with you?

Ichika: What's wrong is that she's using the same sword engaging technique as Chifuyu.
That's my sister's. That technique is Chifuyu's alone.

Chifuyu: Listen, Ichika. You're supposed to swing the sword.
As long as you let it swing you, that's not swordsmanship.
It's heavy, right? That's the weight of a weapon that can end someone's life.

Houki: But what can you even do right now?
Can you even fight when Byakushiki has no energy left? No, you can't!
Take a look. The situation is being handled without you doing anything.

Ichika: You're wrong about that. You're dead wrong.
I don't want to fight but I have to.
Because... Because this is about me too.

Houki: And just what is it you're going to do?

Charles: Actually, some kind of solution to no power is simply to borrow some.
Now releasing Revive's core bypass. Energy transfer process, authorized.
First, promise me that you will not lose this fight.

Ichika: You've got a deal. I'm no man if I lose, right?

Charles: Sure. However if you lose, you will have to come to school wearing a girl's uniform.

Ichika: Sure thing.

Maya: What are they doing? They're not...

Chifuyu: The instructors are ready. They'll handle it.

Charles: The transfer is now complete.

Ichika: Thanks, I owe you one. Reactivating Byakushiki in single pole mode.

Charles: Oh, I guess it was only effective on the weapon and the right arm.

Ichika: Good enough.

Houki: Ichika. Don't die. Don't you dare die!

Ichika: Have some faith. Don't stop believing, Houki.
Hold on to that and have faith. You do that, I'll win.
Reiraku Byakuya, activate! Let's do this, a cheap imitation!

Laura: Why do you try to stay strong? Why are you strong?

Ichika: I am not strong. I'm really not strong at all.
The reason you think I have strength is because my need to be strong makes me strong.
That would make me that way.
The fact that there's something I want, need to do.

Laura: Something you want to do?

Ichika: Yes. I want to protect someone.
And I need to use everything I have to fight to protect that person.

Laura: But that sounds... exactly like her.

Ichika: You're right. And I intend to protect you in the same way, Ms. Laura Bodewig.

Laura: But I am not... Mentor, what has happened to me?

Chifuyu: This matter is at most importance. And also highly classified.
What do you know of the VT System?

Laura: You're talking about the Valkyrie Trace System?

Chifuyu: Yes. Its research, development and usage have all been completely prohibited by the International IS Treaty.
However, that appears that your IS was, in fact, equipped with it.
Moreover, it seems to be set to activate only under situations where there was extensive damage,
and the pilot's mental condition was completely and totally focused on winning.
You willed it to happen.

Laura: It's happened because I wished for it?

Chifuyu: Laura Bodewig.

Laura: Yes, ma'am.

Chifuyu: Who are you?

Laura: I am...

Chifuyu: If you're no one, then that's perfect.
From now on, you're just "Laura Bodewig."
But remember. You will never be able to become me.

Charles: Well, they ended up canceling the tournament.
Nevertheless, they still want to collect everyone's data, so we will get to fight one round each.

Girls: The chance to win it is gone now.

To win and date.

Ichika: By the way, Houki, about that promise from last month.
I don't mind going out with you.

Houki: You what?

Ichika: I said I don't mind going...

Houki: Now are you sure about that? Do you really really mean it?

Ichika: Well, yeah.

Houki: Why? I mean, please explain your reasons to me.

Ichika: Well, you're my good childhood friend, so... Why shouldn't I go, right?

Houki: Right.

Ichika: It's just shopping.

Houki: I knew you would say something like that!

Charles: Oh, Ichika. Sometimes I really do wonder if you do things like that on purpose.

Maya: Orimura, Dunois, I got some wonderful news.
I know you went through a lot earlier.
But I thought you'd like to know that we finally managed to get both of you.
A wonderful place that will reward you.

Ichika: Huh?

Charles: What place?

Maya: That's right! It's a new men's bathhouse!

Ichika: How refreshing.

Charles: Um, please excuse me.

Ichika: What the?!

Charles: Don't stare at me. You... You pervert, Ichika.

Ichika: I'm sorry! What do you think you're doing?!

Charles: Does it bother you if I'm in here?

Ichika: No, it's not like that, but...!

Charles: You know, I figured I should check out the bath.
But if it bothers you that much, I can go and leave now.

Ichika: Oh, no, please. I-I'll leave instead. I've enjoyed the bath already.

Charles: No, wait. I need to tell you something.
It's something important so I want you to hear me out, okay?

Ichika: All right.

Charles: Well, it's about what I told you before.

Ichika: Ah, you mean about your staying at the Academy?

Charles: Yes, that's right. I think I will stay here after all.
Because you're here, Ichika. I think I want to be your true...

Ichika: Oh, I see.

Charles: Besides that, I decided one more thing. About the way I should be.

Ichika: About the way you should be?

Charles: From now on, would you please call me "Charlotte?"
But only when we're by ourselves. Could you do that?

Ichika: Is that your real...?

Charlotte: Oui, that is my real name.
The name that my maman gave me on the day that I was born.

Ichika: As you wish. Ms. Charlotte.

Charlotte: Bon.

Maya: I'd like to introduce you to a new transfer student today.

Charlotte: Hello, I am Charlotte Dunois.
And it is very nice to be meeting all of you once again.

Maya: Yes, it seems Mr. Dunois turned out to be a Ms. We're kinda shocked, too.

Girls: You mean Dunois's really a girl?!

I knew there was something fishy about it.
He wasn't a beautiful boy but a beautiful girl.

Wait, Orimura's been sharing the same room without knowing anything about it. That means...

Wait a second! Didn't they open the large bath to the boys last night?

Rin: Ichika!

Ichika: No, don't fire a gun! Don't shoot! I'm really gonna die!
Am I not dead yet? Laura! You saved me. Thank you.

Laura: Now, I have decided that I am going to make you my bride!
That is final and I will not accept any objections from you.

All: What?!

Ichika: Huh?!

- - - - -ED- - - - -

At last, aha, steamy summer's finally arrived!

And since it's summer, we'll all be going to the beach of course.

And tomorrow happens to be Sunday.

We should all go shopping together!

Shopping? But what are we going to buy...

Swimsuits of course!
We're girls, so we gotta work it on the beach!

It's the next episode, Ocean's Eleven.

Hey, it looks like we weren't the only ones who came here to buy swimsuits.

Yeah, I see her, her and her too!
  