
Chifuyu: What? Didn't you expect your lewd 15-year-old desires to be expressed to your teacher?

Tabane: I have an even better plan! It's in my head and now it's printing.

Chifuyu: I'm afraid there's something I'll be needing all of you for.

Houki: My own personal IS... At last, you're finally mine!

- - - - -OP- - - - -

Ichika: Now, Byakushiki!

Houki: Here we go, Akatsubaki!

Ichika: Okay, Houki. It's on.

Houki: You know, I had never let a man go before me before this.
But I think I can make a special exemption this time.
Especially, since we're alone together.

Ichika: Listen, Houki. This isn't a practice match.
So we need to be really extra careful about how...

Houki: You're now telling me anything I don't know. But don't worry, okay?
You can always trust me to get you way you're going.
So just rest easy and let me do the driving.

Ichika: You seem to be really getting into this.
Did a new attitude come with the personal unit?

Houki: Huh? Oh, I'm just the same as always.
But you now. You need to remember to stay calm out there.

Ichika: I know that.

Chifuyu: Orimura, Shinonono, do you read me?

Ichika: Yes, ma'am.

Houki: We read you loud and clear.

Chifuyu: The success of this whole mission is dependent on a one-shot kill.
So get in there and finish it off as quickly as you can.
Your target, the rogue IS unit, would be referred to simply as "the Gospel," is that clear?

Ichika: Yes, ma'am.

Houki: Understood. Um, Ms. Orimura.
Should I continue to provide Ichika with tactical support as the situation calls for it?

Chifuyu: If it calls for it, yes. But don't push yourself too hard.
Remember you have no battle experience in the Akatsubaki.
It's a prototype unit, and an unforeseen problem could suddenly arise.

Houki: Understood, ma'am. But I'll do what I can to the best of my ability.

Rin: Does Houki sound a little strange?

Cecilia: Yes, she's sounded that way to me, too.

Charlotte: I can understand, but...

Chifuyu: Open a private channel to Orimura.

Maya: Right.

Chifuyu: Ichika.

Ichika: Yes?

Chifuyu: The reason I'm using a private channel is so that Shinonono can't overhear our conversation. So play dumb.
I think she's getting a little carried away. She's overly excited. And in that frame of mind, she could make a fatal mistake.
Should anything happen, lend her your support.

Ichika: I'll keep that in mind. You can count on me, ma'am.

Chifuyu: Very well.

Maya: Switching to an open channel. Standing by.

Chifuyu: Commence the operation!

Houki: Ready?

Ichika: Always. Where is all this speed coming from? The Akatsubaki is amazing.

Charlotte: The ignition boost cannot even compare to this!

Laura: Such astonishing speed...

Houki: Establishing temporary satellite link.
Information collation complete.
The target's current location has been confirmed.
Ichika, are you ready to go in?

Ichika: Yeah, ready.

Houki: Ichika! I see it!

Ichika: Yeah, that's the Silverio Gospel, all right?

Houki: I'm increasing speed. Just ten seconds until we may contact with the target.

Ichika: Keep going! Don't slow down, Houki! It dodged it!
Houki, listen! Let's try hitting it from the left and right at once!
I'll take right, you'll take left.

Houki: Understood. Ichika, I'm going to try to cut off its moving.

Ichika: Got it!

Houki: Ichika, engage now!

Ichika: Roger!

Houki: Ichika! What the hell are you doing? You just blew our chance!

Ichika: Our intelligence was wrong.
The teachers didn't scan the water.
There's a ship down there!

Houki: A ship?

Ichika: It looks like a poaching vessel.

Houki: Are you nuts? There's no time for that now.
They're just criminal. Forget about them!

Ichika: No! I can't turn my back on them!

Houki: Idiot! You're protecting them ahead of this?! You need to get out of here!

Ichika: Houki!
Please Houki. Don't talk like that. That's not the Houki I know.
Don't you remember? With great power comes great responsibility.
That makes protecting people like them our job.
You can't turn a blind eye towards them.
That's... really not like you at all.

Houki: But I was just... I... I was...

Ichika: So, is it out of energy as well? I have to try!

Houki: Ichika! No!

- - - - -

Maya: It looks like it's stopped now.
Do you suppose headquarters will still want us to continue the operation, ma'am?

Chifuyu: Until we receive the order to stand down, we've no choice.

Maya: But how? And well, what means, ma'am?

Charlotte: Excuse me.

Chifuyu: Who is it?

Charlotte: It's Dunois.

Chifuyu: You're on standby. You're not allowed to enter.

Laura: We have to obey the orders of our superior.

Charlotte: But I am certain that she is as worried about Ichika as we are. She is his sister, non?

Cecilia: And he still hasn't regained consciousness yet.

Rin: She did order Ichika's treatment but she still hasn't gone over to check up on him.

Laura: All right, what should we do?

Cecilia: Well, Ms. Orimura hasn't gone to speak with Houki yet either.
I understand that the mission was a failure, but isn't that being rather insensitive towards her?

Laura: Right now, she's concentrating on tracking the Gospel.
The instructor is simply doing what she knows must be done.
However, it must be difficult to her, too.
That's all the reason she's locked herself into the operation center.
She is worried about him.
But would visiting Ichika do anything to help destroy the Gospel?
A much more pressing problem is...

Chifuyu: This mission was a complete failure.
If there are any changes to the situation, I will convene a meeting.
And until I do, consider yourselves all on standby.

Houki: I...

Ichika: No! I can't turn my back on them!

Houki: Idiot! You're protecting them ahead of this?!

Ichika: Don't talk like that. That's not the Houki I know.
You can't turn a blind eye towards them.
Remember with great power comes great responsibility.

Houki: No... That's not it! I haven't become blind.
You would say that those guys are simply weak?
And that they need to be protected?
But they break the law and hurt others. How is he able to forgive them?
Is that your strength? It is, isn't it? That's what makes you so different.
And compared to you...
All this time, I tapped the strength. But have I just been using that to vent my inner rage?
In your eyes, that poaching vessel and I deserved to be protected equally. But I...

Maya: Shinonono. You really ought to get some rest as well, you know.
It won't help anything if you push yourself too hard and get sick.
Because... everyone will worry about you.

Houki: But I want to be here.

Maya: That won't do. Please go get some rest now.
That was a direct order from Ms. Orimura.
Understood? Ms. Shinonono.

Houki: Understood.


Boy: Hey, tomboy! How come you don't have your wooden sword with you today, huh?

Ichika: Shut up you guys!
Your loud mouths need to quit goofing off.
Help out or go home, okay?

Boys: What's the deal, Orimura? You mean you like this tomboy?

Yeah, don't you know? They're like marrie...

I know. Hey, I'll bet you guys've [xxxx] lovey-dovey each other since this morning, haven't you, Orimura? Woo!

That's right. The other day, she had a freaking ribbon on.
How dumb a tomboy wearing a ribbon? What a laugh, huh!

Houki: You're an idiot, aren't you?

Ichika: Huh? Why would you say that?

Houki: Don't you understand that doing something like that would cause you problems later on?

Ichika: I don't think about it. I just smacked down bad guys.

Houki: Oh.

Ichika: Look, don't worry about those losers.
That ribbon you were wearing looked good on you.
I think you should wear it again.

Houki: Well, forget it! I'm not ever taking any orders from anyone.

Ichika: Well, I better be going. See you, Shinonono.

Houki: Hey, wait. Just so you know, my name's Houki. Remember that.
Because here at this dojo, my mom, dad and my sister are all Shinonono and it's confusing.
So just call me by my first name if you want it.

Ichika: Okay. Ichika.

Houki: What?

Ichika: Oh, that's my name.
There's another Orimura, too.
So you just call me Ichika, all right?

Rin: There you are. Pathetic. You're so predictable.
Running off, assuming what happened was your fault.
That's what you've been thinking, isn't it?
So, enjoying your little self pity party for one? But too bad, it's over!
Now listen here. You've got a job to do. We need you.
So stop soaking and get back to work!

Houki: I'm finished as a pilot. I quit.

Rin: Stop being such a spoiled brat!
We don't have time for you to play these games, now when you just got your own custom-made personal IS!
So are you going to get up, or are you just a pathetic coward who can't fight when it really counts for something?

Houki: What else should I do...?
It's not like [we know] where the enemy is.
But when the time comes, I swear that I will fight!

Rin: Okay, she's got her fire back now.
Told ya. It takes a pain in the ass to handle one.

Houki: What's going on?

Charlotte: All of us feel the same way about this.

Cecilia: We can't let this incident end with us losing, can we?

Rin: Laura, have your friends found the Gospel?

Laura: I have the confirmation.
The target has been confirmed thirty kilometers from here in the air and also off shore.
The unit is currently in stealth mode but it does not seem to have any kind of optical camouflage.
We were able to locate its position via satellite.

Rin: That's the German Army Special Forces for you. [Those girls are] kick-ass.

Laura: And what is everyone else's status?
Are the rest of you ready to do this?

Rin: Of course. The Shenlong's offensive specialization package has been installed.

Cecilia: And I'm ready to keep the British end up.

Charlotte: Preparations are complete on my end. I can go anytime.

Houki: Wait a minute. What do you mean by go?
Isn't that against direct orders?

Rin: So what? You just said you'd fight when the time came, right?

Laura: Yeah, what will you do?

Houki: I... I will... fight. I'll fight and win.
Because I'm not going to lose this time!

Rin: That's right. And this time, we're gonna nail that thing for sure.

Laura: First shot is a hit!

Maya: Ma'am! There was...

Chifuyu: I saw.

Maya: But that's against orders. We have to call them back.

Chifuyu: I always suspected it would come to this in the end.

- - - - -ED- - - - -

At last, the final battle is now at hand. And I can hardly wait.

It got us good last time, but the counterattack has begun.
This time we'll avenge Ichika!

And we cannot drop our guard for a moment.
We still do not know the full extent of the enemy's power.

But we must for sure stop this, no matter what it takes.
Let us show how strong we are.

The next episode, Your Name Is.
Ichika, please allow me to protect you this time.
  