
Maya: I'm about to introduce another new addition to our expanding classroom.

Charles: It's nice to meet you, Ichika. You may call me Charles if you'd like.

Houki: You have to date me!

Laura: I do not approve. In fact, I will never approve that you're her brother!

- - - - -OP- - - - -

Girls: One, two! One, two!

Houki: What I'm trying to say is you have to do it like bashing and quarreling and banging and, you know.

Rin: You understand what she's getting at, right? It's all about your feelings.
Ha! Why don't you understand, you moron?

Cecilia: For defense, tilt your right side forward at five-degree angle.
When you maneuver, tilt backward at twenty-degree angle.

Ichika: Let me be honest with all of you... I don't get this!

Houki: Why don't you get it?

Rin: Yeah. Just pay attention like you're supposed to!

Cecilia: I'll explain it to you one more time. You tilt your body forward five-degrees and ...

Charles: All right, Ichika. I'm here as promised. I hope you're ready for a match. Ready to compare your IS with mine?

Ichika: Hey, Charles. Sure. So I guess I'll see you guys later, all right?

Grr... ...

Girls: Check it out, it looks like Orimura and Dunois are gonna fight.

Wow!

Dunois's personal machine is called "Rafale Revive," right? It's a second generation type IS of France.

Charles: Here we go, Ichika.

Ichika: Yeah, come on!

Houki: Ichika...

Ichika: Bring it!



Charles: Basically, the reason you cannot win is because you have very little understanding of the shooting weapon's characteristics.

Ichika: And [Then] since all I have to go on this theories, I'm screwed.

Charles: That's right. The Byakushiki doesn't have any equalizer, does it?

Ichika: Uh-huh. Something about not being a vacant bus slot?

Charles: It's only speculation. But I would think it is using the space for its one-off ability.

Ichika: The one-off what?

Charles: The ability that naturally emerges when the IS and its pilot are in their best condition at the same time. For the Byakushiki, your Reiraku Byakuya may be it.

Ichika: Aha! ... Wow, you explain everything very simply, don't you?

Houki: Huh! And you don't even listen to any of my advice.

Rin: And after I tried to teach you so kindly, too.

Cecilia: And what was wrong with my very articulate explanations.

Ichika: But the thing is, the Reiraku Byakuya is an insane attack.
That even consumes the unit shield energy.

Charles:It's the same ability that Miss Orimura's IS was using, n'est-ce pas?
You're not supposed to be able to employ this in technique merely because the two of you are siblings. That goal. [D'accord.] Let's try it again, shall we?

Ichika: Hold on. I thought I couldn't use someone else's equipment.

Charles: Normally, no. However, if the user unlocks it, anyone can use it as long as that person is a registered user.

Ichika: Ah, .. um... Am I using a right stance?

Charles: Let's see, you keep your arms just your side.
And your left arm goes here. Easy, no?

Ichika: Yeah.

Rin: Hey, doesn't it seem like those two are getting along just a little too well?


Charles: Well?

Ichika: Yeah, that was so cool. And this. This gun of yours is super fast!

Girls: Wow, check it out!

Hey, isn't that the German's third generation?

I heard that it's still in its trial period here in this country.

Cecilia: Ack! Laura Bodewig.

Rin: What? Bodewig?
That representative contender from Germany who slapped Ichika?

Laura: Ichika Orimura.

Ichika: That's right?

Laura: So, you also have a personal machine.
That'll make it much easier. Now fight me!

Ichika: No way. There's no reason.

Laura: You might not have one, but I do.

Ichika: It doesn't have to be right now, does it?
The class league match is coming up soon.
Maybe then, all right?

Laura: [All enough.]

Ichika: Charles!

Charles: I can't believe she's just challenged you like that.
Of course, Germans do get hurt and burn easily.

Laura: How dare you block my way with some pathetic second generation French machine!

Charles: Our machine that works much better than your German third generation type, which currently has no prospect for mass production.

Announcement: Attention! Students on the field. What are you doing out there?

Laura: I would allow you to escape for the day.

Houki: Okay, what was that all about, Ichika? Spill it!

Cecilia: Yes. Did something happen between you and Laura sometime in the past?

Charles: Um, Ichika, are you okay?

Ichika: Yeah, and thanks for saving me earlier by the way. I really owe you one for that.

Charles: Well, I'm heading back to the room now.

Ichika: What? Aren't you going to take a shower here?
Hey, how come you never do that?

Charles: Ahhh...

Ichika: Does my being naked around you bother you that much?

Charles: Ah.. No, you being naked doesn't bother me at all.

Ichika: Oh come on. I know that it does.
Why don't we get it just together for a change?

Charles: No, thanks. I'm fine.

Ichika: We're roommates. Don't be like that.

Charles:  Ah..hhh..! Ah..hhh...! I have to go!

Ichika: Charles? Huh?

Laura: I do not approve. In fact, I will never approve that you're her brother!
Please answer me, Mentor! Why are you on the place like this?

Chifuyu: Don't make me say the same thing over and over again.
I have my own role to play. That's all you need to know.

Laura: What kind of role could you possibly have to play here in the far east?
I'm begging you, Mentor. Please come back and teach us in Germany once again.
You can't even exert half of your abilities, it is a wretched place!

Chifuyu: Uh-huh.

Laura: The students in this academy do not deserve to be taught by someone of your stature.
They lack a sense of danger, and mistaken the IS are some kind of extravagant fashion accessory.
I find it unbelievable that you could even give the time of day to these [xxx]...

Chifuyu: I think I've heard more than enough, little girl.
You've grown up quite a bit since I last saw you.
But not enough to assume you're the chosen one when you're only fifteen.

Laura: I was just...

Chifuyu: I'm a busy woman and you need to get back to your dorm, girl.

Male student over there. Were you eavesdropping?
Or indulging in some aberrant sexual behavior?

Ichika: How can you say that, Chifuyu? You're my sister for Christ's sake!

Chifuyu: At school, you will call me "Miss Orimura."

Ichika: Yes, ma'am.

Chifuyu: You don't have time to waste lurking in the bushes.
You should be out there training.
At the rate you're going, you're going to be defeated in the first round of the next month tournament.

Ichika: I know that.

Chifuyu: In that case, fine.

Ichika: Hey, wait a second.
I wanted to ask you something about what Laura said to me in class earlier.
She said she doesn't approve of me being your brother.
Was she talking about the way you missed out on a chance to win the second championship because of me?

Chifutu: That's all in the past, kid.
There's no need for you to worry about it now.
Later, okay?

Ichika: It was the second Mondo Grosso. The second IS world championship.
And on the day the final match was supposed to take place, someone kidnapped me.
To this day, I still have no idea why they did it. But I was detained and imprisoned.
And my big sister, Chifuyu, abandoned the final match in order to come and rescue me.
So my sister lost the final match by default.
No one had any doubt that she was about to win back-to-back victories.
So it caused a controversy when she pulled out of the the match.
And a top it off, in order to repay the German Army for helping find information about the location where I was being held, Chifuyu agreed to stay there and service and instruct for the German IS unit for over a year. I felt that that was all my fault. Like I was good-for-nothing, and it's totally pathetic excuse for her brother. It's just why I can't let my big sister watch over me anymore.

I'm back. Are you here, Charles?
Oh, that's right. Hey, Charles. I think we run out of a body soap in there, right?
I brought you a new...

- - - - -

Ichika: Well, ah... I brought you this soap.

Charles: Oh yes. Thank you.

Ichika: Well... See you later...

Charles: Ah...

Ichika:  Argh!




Ichika: Um, so... Do you want some tea?

Charles: Oh, sure. Why not?

Ichika: Here.

Charles: Oh. Thank you. Ah! ... ... Sorry! Ichika, are you all right? Let me see it.
Oh it turned red, I'm so sorry.

Ichika: It's okay. I'll be fine.
But the thing is... those... they're... touching me.

Charles: Ah! ... You are a pervert!

Ichika: Me? How would the hell do you figure that?!
So, why did you pretend to be a guy?

Charles: My family wanted me to do it.

Ichika: Your family? Oh, you mean your family's corporation.

Charles: Oui. My papa is the company's CEO.
And this whole plan was his direct order.

Ichika: What?

Charles: To be perfectly honest, I am not the child of his wife.
I was separated from him for a very long time.
But two years ago, he took me in. That was right after my mama died.
The people from the Dunois family came to pick me up.
After various tests, they found out that I was exceptionally compatible with the IS.
And though it was unofficial, they secretly made me a test pilot for the IS.
But I have only seen my father twice before.
And we have only spoken for no more than an hour.
And then Dunois Corporation encountered some financial difficulties.

Ichika: Difficulties? And I thought that they rank third in the world when it comes to manufacturing IS units.

Charles: That is correct. But the Revive is the second generation type.
Currently, IS research is focusing on development of the third generation type.
I think the reason Miss Cecilia and Miss Laura transferred to this school was because they needed to collect data for far development.
So Dunois Corporation has already begun developing third generation models.
But progress has been slow. And at this rate, third development permit is in danger of being withdrawn.

Ichika: But what is any of that have to do with you coming here and pretending to be a boy?

Charles: It's simple. I'm merely the advertising platform for attracting attention.
As for the shroud, it was felt I had a better chance of meeting you if I pretended to be a boy.
So hope was that I could collect data on your machine as well as you.
Basically what they asked me to do was to come here and steal your data by pretending that I was a boy named "Charles."
Now I feel a huge burden has been lifted. Thank you for listening to me.
And I am so very sorry about lying to you all this time.

Ichika: But you never wanted this, right?

Charles: Huh?

Ichika: I mean this entire plot, there's no way that you did.

Charles: Ah, Ichika?

Ichika: Our parents are important and we wouldn't be here without them, but even so...
A parent can't just use a kid as a tool like that. That's wrong in so many ways.

Charles: Ichika...

Ichika: My sister and I... were both abandoned as kids.
So I know how you feel.
The difference is that I have no interest in ever seeing them again.
But you do. So what are you going to do now?

Charles: What am I...?
Now that you found out that I am a girl, I'm sure I would be called back to my home country.
I don't really know about the rest. Send to jail if I'm lucky.

Ichika: What if you just stay here?

Charles: What?

Ichika: You'll be fine as long as I don't say anything, right?
Then even if they do find out, I'm sure your father or his company can't do anything about it at this point.
It's right here in the IS Academy manual. "All students in the IS Academy are under its exclusive control. And no nation, organization or other group can interfere with their attendance here." In other words, you'll be safe for at least the next three years as long as you keep attending this school.
And with that protection, you'll have time to engineer more permanent solution.

Charles: I can't believe you knew that.
I mean, there are fifty-five of those to remember.

Ichika: Well, I am not seen like it, but I do study hard.

Charles: Ichika. Thank you for covering for me.

Ichika: Well, no problem. ... Your breast... I can almost see your breast!

Charles: Huh? Oh! .... Don't they clearly bother you?

Ichika: Well, of course they do!

Charles: Ahh, would you like to see them?

Ichika: ... Say what?!

Charles: ... You're a pervert.

Ichika: Me?! Whose or what? What the hell does that come from?

Cecilia: Ichika, are you in there?
I know that you haven't had dinner yet. Are you feeling ill? Ichika, come me in.
Oh, what are you doing over there?

Ichika: Nothing. It's just that Charles told me he might become down with a cold, so I put a blanket on him.

Charles: Ah. Oui. (coughs)

Cecilia: Dear, I'm sorry to hear that. Would it be all right with you if I borrow Ichika for a bit.

Charles: (coughs) Go ahead.

Cecilia: Well, it just so happens that I haven't had my dinner either.
Would you care to dine with me?

Ichika: Sure.

Charles: Enjoy yourselves.

Cecilia: Let's be off then.

Houki: What are you doing?

Cecilia: We're on our way to dinner. Just the two of us together.

Houki: But why do you have to have your arm through his arm and get so close to him to do that?

Cecilia: Oh, don't you know that a gentleman is always expected to escort a lady?

Ichika: Actually feels more like I'm being escorted.

Houki: Then I'm coming along with you, too.
I didn't have enough of dinner earlier so I'm still hungry.

Cecilia: Very well, but eating like that is sure to put even more weight on that boyish figure of yours.

Houki: Huh! Well, that's none of your business, isn't?
We'll have some sword practice later. That's a good way to burn off calories.

Ichika: Oh, more of us are heading?

Houki: Then it's settled. Let's be off, shall we?

Cecilia: Miss Houki, what do you think you're playing at here?

Houki: You said a gentleman is expected to escort a lady, didn't you?

Ichika: ... Hold on! You two put it really hard to walk like... (screams) ...

Houki: Do you mean you don't have anything else to say about this situation?

Cecilia: Yes, such as how hilariously happy you are, you lucky dog?

Ichika: Hey, it's me, I think...

Charles: Oh, welcome back. Is there something wrong?

Ichika: Don't you worry about it. I brought some food for you.

Charles: Thank you, I am hungry. ... (gasps)

Ichika: Ah... What's wrong?

Charles: Oh, well... Ahh...

Ichika: Ah, you can't use chopsticks.

Charles: I have been practicing but still...

Ichika: No problem. I'll just run back and get you a fork, okay?

Charles: Huh? No, that is okay.

Ichika: You know, you're gonna have to learn how to take advantage of your roommate's kindness a little better. What is it they say about he who hesitates has lost? So you take advantage of me this time. And I'll take advantage of you some other time, okay?

Charles: Well, all right, I... Wouldn't you just feed me?
You said I could take advantage of your kindness. No?

Ichika: Okay. My word is my bond.
Here comes the IS. Now say "Ah..."

Charles: Ah... ...

Ichika: So do you like it?

Charles: Oh, very.

Ichika: That's good to hear. More fish coming up.

Charles: Well, I think I want to have some rice next.

Ichika: You want rice now? Here it comes, you ready.
Hang you're open. Say "Ah..."

Charles: Ah...! ...

Ichika: Oh, you got some rice on your...

Charles: Oh, better get it.

Ichika: Okay, I guess I have no choice.

Laura: Mentor... Your absolute and incomparable strength is a goal I seek.
The very reason for my continue to existence.
And Ichika Orimura is the person who caused [cast] a stain upon my mentor's name.
I swear that I will get rid of you by any means necessary.

- - - - -ED- - - - -

Oh my goodness! It looks like there's a fight in the arena.

No way! Who's fighting?

It looks like one side is the powerful duo of Cecilia Alcott and Rin Fan.

And their opponent is Laura Bodewig.

Two against one, that sounds like too much of a handicap.

Hang on, something seems to be wrong!

Wha-a--at?!

The next episode, "Blue Days ～ Red Switch".

You don't want to miss the true power of third generation type IS.
  