
Tabane: I know that ring tone!
Hi hi hi dee ho! This is Tabane Shinonono, everyone's favorite superstar!
No, no! Hold on please! Don't hang up on me, Houki!

Houki: Hey, Sis.

Tabane: Hey, do you see, little sis?
Yeah, yeah, I already know what you're calling about.
You want one, don't you? Your own personal unit. Of course, I have one ready.
It's overspeced with high-end capabilities. It'll stand toe-to-toe with the Byaku.
This IS unit is known as "Akatsubaki!"

- - - - -OP- - - - -

Laura: Hang on. Is it morning?

Ichika: When did you get in here? Not looking! Cover up! Cover up!

Laura: But I have always heard that there aren't supposed to be any secrets in a healthy marriage.
You haven't forgotten I made you my bride?

Ichika: Bride? What the hell are you talking about?!

Laura: But in Japan, if there's someone you like, you're supposed to call them "my bride" or "one's bride." 
Isn't that correct?

Ichika: Who..., who..., what idiot told you that...

Laura: You must've been much more time practicing your hand-to-hand combat.

Ichika: You're so strong!

Laura: If you would like to polish your wrestling skills, I offer myself to be your training partner for this.

Ichika: What are you blushing about that for?!

Houki: It's me, Ichika. Time to start our morning drill.
It may be Sunday, but there's no...

Laura: Such indecency barging into a married couple's bedroom.

Ichika: Wait, Houki!

Houki: Now you die!

Ichika: What a terrible way to start off my day.

Charlotte: Say, why did you invite me to come along with you today?

Ichika: Well, the class beach trip's coming up.
And I was thinking you said you didn't have a swimsuit.
So I was gonna come to the town and buy some new trunks for myself and I thought while I was at it...

Charlotte: While you were?! Oh yes, I figured that must be something like that.

Ichika: Did you say something, Charles?

Charlotte: It's Charlotte! I told you to call me that when there's just the two of us.

Ichika: Oh, you certainly did. Sorry, Charlotte.

Charlotte: Men who carelessly toy with young girls' affections are to be kicked by a horse and die!

Ichika: Where'd that come from?
Still, I think any guy who's like that probably does deserve to die.
Hang on, why are you mad at me?

Charlotte: Here. I-I will forgive you if you would just hold my hand.

Ichika: I see, so that's it. Okay.
It would be bad if we got separated in an unfamiliar location.
So keep it tight grip.

Charlotte: Idiot...

Rin: Uh-uh...

Cecilia: Er, they are...

Rin: They're... They're holding...

Cecilia: Holding hands.

Rin: I thought I was experiencing a waking nightmare, but if you see it--then it's time to kill him!

Laura: Uh-huh. You have strange pastimes.

Cecilia: Laura!

Laura: Oh, you do not need to be so guarded.
Because it's no longer my intent to harm any of you.

Cecilia: And you expect us to believe you?

Laura: I see.

Rin: Hey, you wait just a minute.

Cecilia: Exactly what are your intentions?

Laura: It should be obvious. I plan on joining them. Nothing more.

Rin: Don't you know that you should always spy on a new enemy before confronting them openly?

Cecilia: That's quite correct. Surveillance is an art form.
First we must follow them closely, then we can determine the exact nature of their relationship.

Rin: Mm-hm.

Laura: I see. You have a point.

Ichika: Say, Charlotte.

Charlotte: Yes? What is it?

Ichika: Everyone at the Academy knows that you're a girl now.
So it would be normal for you to go by "Charlotte."
Maybe I should think of something else to call you, huh?
Something that's just between you and me.

Charlotte: Huh? Really?

Ichika: How about Charl? That's easy to say and sounds friendly, right?

Charlotte: Charl? Yeah, I think Charl is wonderful.

Ichika: Okay then. Wow, that kind of reaction must mean that she really does like it. All right.

Charlotte:Charl... Charl!
That means... I must be special to him, n'est-ce pas?
What is it, Ichika?

Ichika: Sorry, would you mind going on ahead for a little while?
I just remember there's something else that I need to buy.

Charlotte: Something else to buy?

Ichika: Yeah, kind of.

Ran: Hold on tight, Bro. You drop any of those, it's your [hell/head].

Dan: No matter what you say, you're buying way too much.

Ran: The last summer of middle school is special!
Pool-use swimsuit, beach-use swimsuit, it's-on swimsuit, ultra-it's-on swimsuit, mega-ultra-it's-on swimsuit!
You need each kind to use as the situation calls for!

Ichika: Oh, what kind of situations are those?

Dan: Hey, buddy. Doing some shopping?

Ichika: Oh, yeah. That's quite a load you got there.
Are those bags full of swimsuits?

Dan: Yeah. The Ran here said that she was gonna show 'em off to you...

Ichika: What was that?

Ran: What was that? Um, so did you come to buy a swimsuit, too?

Ichika: Yeah, our school's class beach trip's coming up soon.

Ran: Oh, if only I've known that before, you would've been able to help me with shopping.

Ichika: What?

Ran: Nothing at all. Oh, that's right. I almost forgot.
Next year, you're going to be my upperclassman. Isn't that great?

Ichika: You're applying to the IS Academy?

Ran: Mm-hm. My first choice. So I'll see you there, right?

Ichika: Yeah, I guess so. Study hard for your entrance exam.

Ran: Okay, I will. Thank you very much.
Let's see now, where did my brother get to...?

Charlotte: Ichika, come on!

Ran: Wow, he really is useless as an older brother.

Dan: Oh, where's Ichika?

Ran: Huh?

Ichika: Wait, the sign says "no shoes."
Now why did you drag me in here?

Charlotte: Because, I want to know if the swimsuit I chose looks good.

Ichika: And for that, I had to come in here with you?

Rin: Now, where could they disappear to?

Cecilia: Surely they can't have noticed us following them. They can't.

Shopwoman: Oh, and here's this year's featured suit.

Laura: These are all swimsuits?
I never had any idea so many different types existed.

Women: It's so hard to choose, isn't it?

Yeah, if you wear one that doesn't suit you exactly, a man won't turn on you like that.

And even if everything else is perfect, if your swimsuit is bad, then that's the cause of death for sure.

Charlotte: If anyone spots us, they will get in the way.

Ichika: Are you looking at someone out there?

Charlotte: No! No, no one is there.
But you're just staying here and I will get changed quickly.
I made all this happen but now what am I supposed to do?

Ichika: What's going on? What does Charl want to do?
I don't get this! I don't get this at all!

Charlotte: I'm doing it!

Ichika: She's really taking her clothes off.
Now bad Ichika, you must not imagine it!
Think of something else! I know, pi!
Pi equals 3.1415926535897932384626433...

Charlotte: Okay, I'm done.

Charlotte: So... bad?

Ichika: No, no! Not at all! I think it's truly great! And I mean that.

Charlotte: Okay, then I'll get this one.

Clerk: Ah, excuse me, Ms.

Chifuyu: Wait a second. Was that...?

Maya: O-O-Orimura and Dunois are changing together?!

Chifuyu: What are you two doing?

Maya: Now listen up!
Even though the two of you are classmates, certain lines have to be drawn!
Boys and girls must not enter changing rooms together!

Cecilia: I never thought that the teachers would be here at the shop.

Rin: Yeah. It could get really sticky if we rushed things now.

Laura: Clarissa, I need your help. We have an emergency situation.

Clarissa: Captain Laura Bodewig, are you experiencing a problem?

Laura: Yeah [Ja]. It's regarding that Ichika Orimura, I mentioned to you before.

Clarissa: Ah, Instructor Orimura's younger brother.
This is the boy for whom you have affections?

Laura: Jawohl. He's [the same man] you kindly inform me I should refer to as "my bride."
It so happens that all students from the IS Academy are about to take a trip to the beach.
I am unclear as to what the basis for selection is when it comes to the correct swim attire.
Therefore, I am requesting proper instruction.

Clarissa: Yeah [Ja], of course. The Black Hare Corps is here to assist you in this matter.
Incidentally, what are you currently equipped with?

Laura: I have a single school issued swimsuit.

Clarissa: What foolishness is you!
The IS Academy uses old style school swimsuits [on vile], I normally approve of tradition in that [at] suit...

Laura: In that suit?

Clarissa: No, [not it we] will show.

Woman: That's example [the excellency] (of) Black Hare Corps for you.

Her love for Japanese manga and anime isn't just for show.

Laura: So what do I do now?

Clarissa: I have a little [trick] advice for you.

- - - - -

Maya: It's 11 o'clock right now, everyone.
You're free to do what you want until the sunset, okay?
Just make sure to get back to the guesthouse in time for dinner.
You got that?

Girls: Hey, Orimu, do you wanna play volleyball with us? It'll be fun.

Volleyball's awesome.

Ichika: Sure, some sort.

Rin: Wow, it looks so high. I can see really far.

Ichika: What are you doing? Do you think you're some kinda cat?

Girls: Wow, that looks like fun.
When you're done with her, I wanna ride you next, okay?

And, it'll my turn next.

Ichika: Hey, I'm not an observation deck. Get off me already.

Cecilia: Say, what the devil is going on here?

Rin: I think that it's obvious. He's my lookout [duo].

Cecilia: Oh, Ichika. Surely you can't have already forgotten the promise you made to me on the bus.
All right then, Ichika. Please get on with it.

Rin: And exactly what is he supposed to be getting on?

Cecilia: As you can see, he is to rub the suntan oil on my skin.
It simply wouldn't do for a gentleman to renege on a promise he's made to a lady now, would it?

Ichika: All right then, if I must.

Cecilia: My goodness, Ichika. Warm your hands a bit before applying me oil.

Ichika: I'm sorry. But it's my first time doing this, you know?

Cecilia: Oh, you mean that I'm going to be your first time.
Well then, it's to be expected, I suppose.

Rin: ‍Said the hungry spider to the fly.‍

Girls: That looks like it feels so good.

Even my heart is starting to pound.

Cecilia, lend me that suntan oil when you're done using it, okay?

Ichika: You just wanted me to do your back, right?

Cecilia: No, there are many areas that I can't reach.
So I have you here, I'd like you to cover all of them

Ichika: All of them?!

Cecilia: Yes, please. My legs, my thighs, and my buttocks.

Rin: Hey there, I'll do that for you. Here? Here? Here? ... ...

Cecilia: Damn it, Rin, that is...! What in the...

Ichika: Damn it, I didn't do anything wrong, so why did she have to hit me?

Rin: Ichika, let's have a race to that buoy over there.
If you lose, you have to buy me some shaved ice.

Ichika: What? What do you get off... Hey, hang on! That's not fair!

Rin: Okay. That was a horrible thing I did to Cecilia, but I needed her out of the way.
I couldn't stand the thought of losing to her or Laura. My leg! My leg is, ah!

Ichika: Rin!

Rin: Ichika... This is Ichika's arm... Thank goodness...

Ichika: Can you breathe? Are you okay?

Rin: Yeah, I'll be fine.

Cecilia: That was quite catastrophic, Rin.
I should escort you back to the guesthouse straight away.

Rin: No, wait. Maybe Ichika can...

Cecilia: Excuse me, Takatsuki. Would you be willing to lend a hand here?

Takatsuki: Sure, I'm happy to help.

Rin: I'm all right! Ichika, please help me! Ichika, please help! Ichika!

Ichika: Well, she's that energetic, she probably is all right.

Charlotte: Ichika. So this is where you've been.

Ichika: So what's the deal with that beach mummy?

Charlotte: Come on now, you can let Ichika see your suit. It would be all right.

Laura: Nein! I would decide whether or not if it's all right.

Ichika: Wait a second. That's Laura's voice?

Charlotte: But Laura, you have already changed.
So now you have to show him your new bathing suit.

Laura: No, wait. I am still not ready. First, I must prepare myself for this.

Charlotte: Oh, in that case, Ichika and I will go out to the shore alone. Are you okay with that?

Laura: No! That is no fair and...!
If you wish to laugh, then go ahead...

Charlotte: It looks perfectly fine, don't you think, Ichika?

Ichika: Yeah, you look cute.

Laura: Oh, you think I'm cute? That is the first time I've ever been called that.
I thank you very much for your input and it is greatly appreciated.

Girls: Orimura!

You promised. Now let's play the beach volleyball!

Yeah, it's a battle against Orimu!

Here, catch!

Ichika: And even three against three. All right, let's do it.

Girl: Do your best, Orimura!

You too, Dunois!

They call me the summer devil of July! Behold my power!

Charlotte: I'm coming, stop!

Ichika: Nice save, Charl!

Laura: I'm cute... I can't believe he calls me cute...

Ichika: Laura! Are you okay?

Charlotte: Can you speak?

Laura: He... said... I'm cute... That made me feel so...

Charlotte: Are you still embarrassed about that?

Ichika: Laura? What's up with her? Should we go after her?

Charlotte: Oh I think we should probably leave her alone.

Maya: Oh, who brought the volleyballs? That looks like fun.

Charlotte: Would you like to come play with us, teacher?

Maya: Sure. You wanna give the kids the shot, Ms. Orimura?

Girls: Ms. Orimura looks like a swimsuit model.

She's so awesome!

Girl: Please go ahead, ma'am. I'll trade places with you.

Chifuyu: Well then.

Maya: Okay, let's do it.

Charlotte: Ah, Ichika, I was wondering...
Could it be that Ms. Orimura is your type?

Ichika: What does that mean?!

Charlotte: Well, your reactions just now were certainly a lot different than from one you saw our swimsuits.

Ichika: Nope, nope, that's not it at all.

Charlotte: C'est horrible. So many rivals already.
Now I have to compete with Ms. Orimura on top of all that?

Ichika: No kidding. Chifuyu's a major badass volleyball player.

Charlotte: Ichika, you probably got the wrong idea.

Ichika: What?

Maya: Right! Serve it up!

Chifuyu: So this is where you've been hiding.
The ocean's not going anywhere, so can you give me your attention?

Houki: Yes, Ms. Orimura.

Chifuyu: You've seemed distracted for a while now. Do you wanna talk about it?

Houki: Well, it's...

Chifuyu: Is it about Tabane? I contacted her the other day.
It seems that she had nothing to do with what happened to Laura's VT system.

Houki: I see.

Chifuyu: Tomorrow is July 7th.
You're expecting that something might show up, aren't you?

Tabane: Of course I have one ready.
It's overspeced with high-end capabilities. It'll stand toe-to-toe with the Byaku.
This IS unit is known as...

Houki: Akatsubaki...

- - - - -ED- - - - -

Hold on, just wait a minute. Who the heck is that?

Wearing a frilly dress and rabbit ears?
That certainly makes one heck of an impression.

So her coming here means that an important IS offical's arrived, right?

Hey, it looks like she brought some kind of present for Ms. Shinonono.

Whoa! But there's no time to be surprised about that, because other unexpected news's just come in.

The next episode, Thin Red Line.

Our pleasant beach excursion is about to...

Suddenly become completely crazy!
  