
Rin: Ya...!!!!!!

Cecilia: I dislike coward!

Charlotte: Not yet. A little more!

Houki: Oh, Ichika!

Ichika: Oh no, you don't!
Chifuyu?

Byakushiki: I will kill you! ...I will kill you, Ichika Orimura!

- - - - - OP: True Blue Traveller - - - - -

Laura: Ah, is it morning now?

Ichika: Laura, you again?

Laura: But today, I am not naked!

Ichika: What the heck are you wearing?

Laura: Brilliant? This is the instructor's recommendation.

Ichika: If I were you, I think I'd fired that instructor.

Laura: There's a special reason for I was waiting here you to wake up. Please this.

Ichika: What is this? Let's see here.
Come to the end-of-the-summer festival for your dating pleasure?
Hey, is this an event of that big swanky water park that just opened up?
I've really been wanting to check this place out.

Laura: Is that right? You want to go?

Ichika: Look, it's just here that you can even rent yukata at the festival square.

Laura: I would like to wear yukata, together with you, Ichika.

Ichika: Then why don't we take everyone there... What was that? Why is she so mad?

Maid: Milady, may I express my gratitude for your service in England during your summer break? Your country thanks you.

Cecilia: As a member of the Alcott family, it's my duty to serve. But more importantly, I am here for my triumphant return.
Triumphant because at the end of the day, I intend to be under the same sky with my special someone. My beloved...

Ichika: Oh hey, Cecilia!

Cecilia: I-Ichika! We haven't seen each other for a week. I hope you're well.
Is it possible that he came out here just so he could lead me?

Ichika: Hahaha oh my darling, I couldn't sit still knowing that you were coming back to me.

Cecilia: Oh Ichika! You naughty boy! We shouldn't do that out here where everyone can see.

Ichika: Cecilia! Cecilia?

Cecilia: Oh, I'm all right. I was just feeling a little bit dizzy, that's all.

Ichika: I see. You're okay then. By the way, would you like to go here tomorrow?

Cecilia: Oh, you're asking me to go out with you, Ichika?
Yes. I, Cecilia Alcott, shall make all the necessary preparations!

Laura: Get dammed. He must become more affair with duties as my bride.

Charlotte: It seems like something is bothering you.

Laura: Oh no, it's nothing.

Charlotte: I know, why don't we go do a little clothes shopping today if you have time.

Laura: What for? The military supplies all my clothes and...

Charlotte: That is a military uniform. And if you [xxx] out in public, your fellow Germans might not be too happy about that, right?
Come on, the summer break is almost over, let's go.

Laura: Then I guess you have a point.

Charlotte: So can you be ready to leave around ten?

Laura: Yeah, that is fine. I changed. Here is my going-out attire.

Charlotte: But you're still wearing a uniform.

Girls: Hey guys, have you heard the rumor about the special crepes at seaside park?

Oh yeah, I have. Supposedly if you eat the mixed-berry crepes with the person you like, you'll find true love.

That's right. But I heard that they're always sold out of them.

Charlotte: Find true love with the mixed-berry crepes?

Rin: Tomorrow would be the last day of the summer break.　It'd be nice to make some memories with Ichika.
Because of him, I chose to stay here instead of going back home, so you think that he could've asked me out at least once!

Ichika: Hey, Rin.

Rin: Ichika!

Ichika: I've gotten in.

Rin: Just a second...

Charlotte: So Laura, which do you prefer, skirts or pants?

Laura: Hm, either one...

Charlotte: I don't say "Either one is fine with me."
Actually, when you say that sort of thing, you [xxx] just like Ichika.

Laura: Well, just good for married couples to have similar tastes.

Charlotte: Anyway, this fall fashion is...

Laura: Nein. I have no need to fall clothes.

Charlotte: Huh? Why not?

Laura: Because it is now summer, we should not purchase fall clothing until the fall.

Charlotte: The thing is, girls usually buy their clothes before the season starts.

Laura: Is that so? A tactics dictates that soldiers must equip themselves for battle before fighting has begun. Is this the same principle?

Charlotte: Ah, I guess. Let's just go check out some stoles, non?

Store Manager: Welcome ladies.
Oh a platinum and a blonde. Ah, I meant to say...
How would you ladies [xxx] try on some items from my latest collection?

Charlotte: Um, it's so [xxx] what's underneath will be... What do you think, Laura?

Laura: It is very white. That is not bad, but as you can see, I am already wearing white.

Charlotte: Well, why don't you try it on anyway?

Laura: No, it is too much...

Charlotte: Oh, is that too much, bother?

Laura: Perhaps I am mistaken about this.
But maybe I am simply not attractive to the opposite sex?
This is absurd. But, maybe I should have been wearing [xxx] that are much cuter than this.
Yeah, I am sure that Ichika would [xxx] me for that.

Ichika: Laura, your clothes are super cute.

Laura: Only my clothing?

Ichika: The person who's wearing it is cutest of all.

Laura: You foolish boy.

Charlotte: So, did you try it on, Laura? What is this? You're still in your uniform.

Laura: Actually...

Charlotte: I see. I guess you did not find out your taste.

Laura: No, it just [xxx] like it. Actually, I want something cuter.

Charlotte: Oh! Oui, c'est si bon. You want something cute, right? Tell me what kind you'd like.

Laura: Then, one that's a little more revealing would be nice.

Charlotte: Oh, leave it to me.

Girls: Wow! She's so beautiful! Like a princess!

Charlotte: And [xxx]

Laura: You brought some shoes, too? You thought of everything.

Charlotte: Yeah but of course.

Laura: Ah!

Charlotte: You're okay?

Laura: Yeah, I am sorry.

Girls: Take a picture!

Charlotte: It's no problem.

Houki: I know not the way to triumph over others. I know the way to triumph over myself.
I want to protect the one who is important to me.
Oh, I don't believe it, I think my boob's got bigger again.

Ichika: Houki, are you in there?

Houki: Ichika? What do you want?

Ichika: I've been looking for you, Houki. Can we talk?

Houki: Okay. Yeah, ah, just give me a second. What do you want?

Ichika: I'm sorry. I guess you were in the shower.

Houki: Yeah, I was. So what did you wanna talk about?

Ichika: Would you like to go to this with me?

Houki: What's this? Oh.

Ichika: I know it's kinda less minutes, so you don't have to go.

Houki: Sure, I'm easy!

Waitress: Thank you for waiting.

Laura: I am so tired.

Charlotte: I really think that you should have kept the dress on, Laura.

Laura: I didn't want to, because I did not want to get it dirty.

Charlotte: Mm-hm. Oh do you just want Ichika to be the first person to see it.

Laura: Nein! That is truly untrue!

Cafe Manager: Excuse me, ladies. Want a job?

Laura&Charlotte: Huh?

Charlotte: Ah madam, I was wondering, why did you want me to be dressed up as a butler?

Manager: Um, because you're better looking and more stylish than most of the guys around here.

Charlotte: Is that so? But I wanted to wear as that kind of outfit. I guess this is just inevitable for me.

Cafe Manager: Don't worry. That really suits you.

Charlotte: Yeah, so I've been told.

Cafe Manager: Hello, welcome to Cafe @cruise!

Charlotte: I thank you for waiting, ladies. Which one of you ordered tea?

Woman: Oh I had the tea.

Charlotte: Very well then, just let me know if you acquire anything else, ladies. Please enjoy.

Waitress: Hello, welcome to... Ah!

Robbers: All right, nobody move! Shut up, you!

Police: Attention. You dick are clearly surrounded. Give up and [xxx] peacefully. I repeat!

Robbers: If you want the hostages just to be released unharmed, bring us a car!
And don't even think about putting some kinda tracking device in, and tried followers!

They're pretty scared. Hey blondy!

Yeah, you over there! I'm thirsty! Bring me a menu!

What the hell is this?!

Laura: It's water.

Robber: Huh? Water?

Laura: Go ahead and drink it. If you can, that is.

Robber: Don't mess with us, little brat! Get away from me! [xxx]!

Charlotte: Unfortunately for you, Laura's one of us! Target No.2, neutralized. And you, mon amie?

Laura: No problem. Target No.3, also neutralized.

Robber: It's the bunch of crap! How did we let these kids do this to us!

Laura: You're so slow. Now die. All targets neutralized.

Girls: They saved us!

Thank you for saving our lives, maid and butler.

Charlotte: Um, Laura, it might be a problem if they found out that we're representative contenders. We should get out of here now.

Laura: A good point. We should probably leave.

Robber: I didn't come this far to get caught, and spend the rest of my life in jail. I'd rather blow everything here all the hell!

Charlotte&Laura: That's checkmate!

Charlotte: C'est fini.

Laura: And I [xxx] blow his arms or something.

Charlotte: Excusez-moi? Can I have two crepe, please? With mix berries.

Crepe Shop Dude: Ah, [xxx] ladies. I'm afraid there's no more mix berries today.

Charlotte: What? You're sold out? So do you still want one?

Laura: Yeah, I want. One with strawberries and blueberries now.

Crepe Shop Dude: Straw and blue, no problem!

Charlotte: This is really good.

Laura: Yeah, this is my very first time to eat a real crepe. Und I'm finding it be quite tasty.

Charlotte: I'm going to come here with Ichika next time.
It would be so nice if they have some mix berry crepes.

Laura: Charlotte.

Charlotte: Oui? Laura?! Does that allow? What was that about?

Laura: There's sauce on your cheek.

Charlotte: I understand but still...

Laura: Because my hands were engaged. However, you're going to be upset, I will offer you a bite of my crepe as a peace offering.

Charlotte: Merci beaucoup, Laura.

Laura: By the way, about the crepe shop, they do not have the mix berry crepes. It was not even on the menu.
Furthermore, I did not see any sauce and the shelves that was labeled for the purpose.

Charlotte: Oh, is that right? You're so observant.

Laura: But you still got to eat the mix berries crepe, ja?

Charlotte: Oh! Strawberries and blueberries?

Laura: Together.

Charlotte: [xxx]. Now I understand the real reason they're always sold out the mix berry crepes!
It will be so nice to eat mix berries here with a boy friend some day, n'est-ce pas?

Laura: What is this berserk interruption? Are you sure these are pajamas?

Charlotte: Très adorable! And you look so good in them all pretty sure.

Laura: Do not hold me tightly! I get out to move!

Charlotte: Now be [xxx]. You're a little pussy cat so you need to sit still on my lap.
Can you just say "Meow"? That's a good pussy.

Laura: I will not comply! Why would I ever want to do something so embarrassing?!

Charlotte: Why would you? Because it's so cute. Come on, now say it with me! Meow!

Laura: M-Meow...

Charlotte: Très adorable! Oui? Who's there?

Ichika: How's it going? Well, those are unusual outfits. Black cat and white cat, huh?
I don't keep up with the latest fashions, but that's so... you're so cute.

Charlotte&Laura: We're so cute?

Charlotte: You think so? He said we're cute!

Laura: All right, if that is your opinion then, perhaps I will not object. And maybe wear it on special [xxx].

Ichika: Oh, nearly forgot. About tomorrow.

Announcement: Intruder detected in Area 6-D! All units will intercept!
Repeat. Intruder detected in Area 6-D! Intercept at once!

Squall: Um, you read me? Let me make this clear.
Your body has been implanted with nano-devices that monitor your every actions.
Therefore, you will carry out your mission as ordered.

Soldier: There she is!

M: What a pest! Can't kill me yet? How pathetic!

Squall: Good girl, M. Let me more.


Pilots: This is a restricted area.

Is she gonna fight barehanded?

M: There's a special IS sealed up on this base, a special Infinite Stratos. It's mine.

Pilot: It's what?

M: Deploy!

Pilot: That's Silent Zephyrs! It can't be... Phantom Task!

Houki: I can't believe this. Ichika was so directive about asking.
But I never imagine he [xxx] finally got to the nerve to ask me out on a date. But here we are and...

Ichika: Hi there, good morning! Sorry I kept you waiting, everyone.
I invited Dan and some other people too, but they all said they couldn't make it today.

Rin: You idiot!

Cecilia: I feel so stupid for coming here with that high hopes!

Charlotte: Oui, toying with girl's hearts is a terrible thing!

Laura: You have failed as a bride!

Houki: I should've known. I should've known!

Ichika: Jeez, what are they so mad about?

Cecilia: Oh Ichika!

Ichika: Are you okay?

Cecilia: Oh yes! Let's hurry and get over to the pool now, shall we?

Ichika: But what about the others?

Cecilia: Don't worry about that. Everyone else is already gone ahead.
So we really should hurry over there at once. Right, let's go! Hurry up.

Ichika: I see, they must've really wanted to get into the pool, huh?

Houki: All done!

Charlotte: Right. Let's go.

Rin: I can't believe she got one for everyone. That was really thoughtful of Cecilia.

Laura: Surprisingly so.

Houki: Yeah, surprisingly.

Charlotte: But where has she gone?

Houki: Come to think of it, I haven't seen her.

All: No way!

Laura: She set us up!

Rin: I thought that we split up into recon teams and hunt them down.

Cecilia: It's so true. There's nothing like spending a hot summer day at the pool, don't you think?

Ichika: You know, I haven't seen any of the others for a quite some time. Are you sure that they're even still here?

Cecilia: Oh, yes, rather obvious, isn't it?

Ichika: Cecilia?!

Rin: I don't get it. Where could those two have gone?

Laura: I also did not locate them.

Rin: But try looking over there.

Laura: Jawohl.

Ichika: What the hell was that all about?!

Cecilia: Well, that was a rather close call.

Nohohon: Ah hi, ladies. I see Orimu over there.

Ichika: Nohohon! You guys [xxx] after all.

Aikawa: A lot of the girls from the IS Academy are here.

Nohohon: Woo, Captain, I spy Cecilia wearing a raunchy swimsuit.

Aikawa: Really raunchy.

Tanimoto: What a raunchy.

All: Cecilia's the raunchiest!

Cecilia: I'm not the raunchiest!

Ichika: Well, actually...

Nohohon: Bye bye, Orimu.

Ichika: Where's Cecilia?

Houki: We finally found you. Now let's go have some fun!

Ichika: Hey, what about Cecilia?

Houki: She should turn off.

Charlotte: Oh.

Ichika: What is it?

Charlotte: Look over there. It's a water slide for couples.

Ichika&Houki: Huh?

Ichika: That sounds like fun.

Houki: I suppose I don't have a choice. I wouldn't object to doing it with you.

Charlotte: Hey, not fair! Let's decide with rock-paper-scissors.

Houki: Oh yeah, then without your fingers on three.

Houki&Charlotte: One, two, three!

Lifeguard: All right, then. Let me explain how to use the couples slide. First, the dude gets in and sits right here.

Ichika: Sure.

Lifeguard: And then the lady gets in and she sits down between his legs. There.

Charlotte: Right. Um, do you mean like this is?

Lifeguard: Yeah, that's just awesome. Now dude, I want you to [xxx] the lady tightly from behind. Like an anaconda.

Ichika: Okay. Well, Charl, do you mind?

Charlotte: N-No, it's fine.

Ichika: I'm sorry.

Charlotte: Non, I'm-I'm good...

Lifeguard: No. Ya gotta be close together. It's safety regulations, okay? Here. All right, you guys have fun!

Charlotte: Ichika!

Ichika: I can't help it! Ah, well, I'm sorry.

Charlotte: You're such a pervert.

Ichika: It's not my fault! That was just water and gravity! I mean Jeez!

Charlotte: Oh, yeah, blame gravity.

Houki: Hurry up, Ichika! What are you doing? It's my turn!

Lifeguard: Okay, how to use the couple's slide. First, [xxx] here gets in and sits down right here.
And a new girl gets in and sits in between his legs, while a man hags her tightly from behind.

Ichika: Hey, Houki, would you mind getting in behind me instead?

Houki: You mean like struggling you?

Ichika: Yeah, well, the water pressure is pretty intense, so I think it'd be better if you hag my back, shielding your legs.

Houki: Okay, let's go. Like this?

Lifeguard: [xxx] closer, kids. Safety, you know.

Houki: Okay then, how's this?

Lifeguard: Okay, have fun!

Ichika: See, it really was fast, huh? Ah, what is it? Did you hurt yourself?

Houki: I'm fine, but... but your back's gotten all out more muscular than I expected.

Ichika: Huh? What do you say about my back?

Rin: Ichika! Come on, hurry up!

Ichika: How many times do I have to do that?!

Chifuyu: You got to be kidding me. I can't believe that group of idiots decided to come here as well.

Maya: Excuse me, Ms. Orimura, but aren't you gonna go and say hello to Ichika? He is your brother.

Chifuyu: Having any involvement with that bunch of crazies would completely ruin my last day off.
Yeah, what? Understood, I'm on my way.

Maya: What's wrong? Did something come up?

Chifuyu: Yeah.

Ichika: I can really go for some frozen yogurt.

All: Ichika!

Ichika: Oh...

Charlotte: Mon Dieu, what are these?

Houki: You never seen them before?

Ichika: These are for goldfish-catching, it's really fun!

Rin: You take [order] these nets, and you scoop up the fish.

Charlotte: Oh, that looks like fun. Will you teach me how, Ichika?

Ichika: Okay.

Cecilia: Can you teach me, too?

Ichika: Okay, no problem. One at a time.
Its rule's simple. You do it just like this, and... and when that happens, it's game over.

Cecilia: Oh, is that how it works.

Charlotte: Oui, I understood it.

Laura: Wunderbar.

Charlotte: Ah, no no no, nothing with [xxx] for me.

Cecilia: Are we going to eat octopus...?

Houki: Oh, come on, it's a traditional Japanese food.

Rin: Delicious. Try it, Laura.

Laura: Yeah, this is pretty good.

Cecilia: This is delectable!

Charlotte: It's my turn to feed you, Houki. Close you eyes and say "Ah."

Houki: Say what?

Cecilia: Ichika, say "Ah."

Rin: Hey! Cut that out right now!

Cecilia: As you know, sniping is my specialty.

Ichika: You do realize that's a toy gun, right? Wow, very nicely done!

Charlotte: I think I'm pretty good at this, non?

Rin: Yeah, well, I've had sniper training in the military too, you know.

Ichika: Hey, Houki.

Houki: Uh-huh.

Ichika: How are your sniping skills these days?

Houki: Mine? What about yours?

Ichika: Close order combats are my thing.

Houki: Same for me.

Ichika: [xxx] than shooting, huh?

Houki: Yeah.

Laura: Get dammed!

Ichika: And then there [xxx] over just unstoppable.

Laura: I will defeat him! I must!

Charlotte: Don't worry, we're behind you.

Cecilia: If you accept for an aid.

Rin: Yeah, just this once.

Houki: Right, all for one and one for all.

Laura: Ready! Aim! On my mark! Fire!

All: All right. Victory!

Ichika: Yeah.

Ichika: And another summer, gone.

Tatenashi: It looks like it's game time for me, Team Leader, Tatenashi Sarashiki.

- - - - - ED - - - - -
The Next Episode is "Heart Pain Killer."
  