
Ichika: Fresh wasabi is great. It's the real deal.

Charlotte: The real deal?

Ichika: Hey there. How're you doing, Charl?

Charlotte: I feel okay, thanks... It was particularly flavorful and delicious.

Ichika: Oh man, I thought you knew better than to do something like that.
Are you feeling all right? If you can't kneel for a long time, maybe you should move to a table instead.

Cecilia: I am quite all right. And compared to the effort that took me to secure this place at the table, this is nothing.

Ichika: This place?

Cecilia: There was nothing at all, honestly!

Charlotte: Ichika, there are many different types of girls, you know.

Ichika: Oh, is that so?

Charlotte: Yes, it is so.

Ichika: Oh man, check out the face on Houki.
I don't know what she could be looking so upset about.
Hey, Cecilia, if it's really that uncomfortable, do you want me to feed you?
I've done it for Charl...

Charlotte: Ichika!

Ichika: Sorry.

Cecilia: Do you really mean it? Do you really mean you would actually be willing to feed me?

Ichika&Charlotte: Honestly?!

Cecilia: It would be an awful shame to let all these beautiful food go to waste now, wouldn't it?

Ichika: Okay. Sashimi first.

Cecilia: All right. But not too much wasabi if you please.

Ichika: Right.

Cecilia: All right here.

Ichika: Ah...

Girls: Cecilia's so mean! She's having Orimura feed her!

Houki: Stupid Ichika! I'm sure he's completely forgotten that tomorrow is the 7th of July.

Chifuyu: For the love of God, why can't you all just eat your food in silence?

Girl: Um, Yes, Ms. Orimura...

Chifuyu: Orimura, stop causing such a racket. Calm it down here pronto.

Ichika: Yes, ma'am. Calming it down.
Sorry about that, Cecilia. I guess you have to do it by yourself.
In exchange, why don't you come by my room later tonight, okay?

Cecilia: Come to you room? Oh, Ichika, could you possibly mean it?

- - - - -OP- - - - -

Girls: Oh, after we got everything ready, we really thought we'd be able to play with Orimura.
What a disappointment.

Mm-hm. And he's been in Ms. Orimura's room forever.

Cecilia: It's a good thing I was prepared for this sort of situation just in case.

Girls: Oh wow! Ceci's wearing some naughty underwear!

Is she? Now, let's strip her and see it!

Yeah, peel it off, peel it off!

That's French black lace with no underwire.

Oh, so that's what a naughty underwear looks like.

Yeah, and she pulls it off well, too.

Ooh la la! Cecilia is so naughty!

Cecilia: I am not in so like that.
In fact, this is a… merely a young lady's personal preference.
That's right, it’s a personal preference!

(sob) Ah my, that hurting was something beastly. (sigh) But I finally get to see Ichika, so it's all worth it.

What is going on here?

Rin: Shh!

Ichika: Are you nervous, Chifuyu? I know it's been a long time.

Chifuyu: Of course not. Don't be ridiculous.
Hey, don't do a quest so hard.

Ichika: Okay, fine. What about here?

Chifuyu: Oh, that is... No, not here.

Ichika: You'll feel, have to, good at soon. Once like this ... building up.

Cecilia: Oh my goodness! What in the heaven's name is going on in there?

Chifuyu: No, not there.

Ichika: I'm sorry.

Chifuyu: Okay, idiots. Just what was so interesting about my getting massage?

Charlotte: Oh, you were giving your sister a massage.

Laura: Yeah, that's not what we thought at all.

Ichika: What did you think we were doing?

Laura: Well, naturally, we thought...

Rin: Not a single thing.

Houki: Yes, we weren't thinking at all.

Chifuyu: He may not look like a masseur, but he has amazing fingers.
Come to think of it, maybe you should all let him do you.

Ichika: Okay. I'll do Cecilia first.

Cecilia: Oh, I'm going first?

Ichika: Yes, that's why I asked you here. So come lie down.
Oh, sorry. I'll be gentle. Let's see... It doesn't hurt when I do this, does it?

Cecilia: No, not at all. It is quite wonderful.
I mean that it feels so good that I find myself becoming rather sleepy in fact. I even...

Chifuyu: Oh my. How precocious.
But these are really too mature for you.
Nice shade of black though.

Cecilia: Please, ma'am! I'm willing to wish you would put that down now.

Chifuyu: What? Didn't you expect your lewd 15-year-old desires to be expressed to your teacher?
Oh, I'm just joking, dear. Hey, Ichika. Why don’t you go and buy us some drinks?

Ichika: Huh? O-okay.

Chifuyu: Okay, girls. What's with that dead-fish expressions?

Houki: Um, the thing is, we're...

Charlotte: You see, ma'am, this is the first time we have ever spoken to you in this way.

Chifuyu: Okay. We're finally getting down to the nitty-gritty, huh?
So, what do you girls even see in him?

All: Huh?

Chifuyu: I mean, my brother has his uses, to be sure.
For example, he's good at cooking, housekeeping and he gives fantastic massages.
So any girl who gets him would be lucky.
That said, he comes at a price.

All: He's for sale?

Chifuyu: No, you fools.

All: Oh...

Chifuyu: Listen it, if you're a real woman, you've got to be willing to do whatever it takes to nuke your rivals.
Get with the program, kiddos, okay?

Ichika: Houki? Okay, "please pull," do you think that this means...

Houki: Sometimes, it's just better not to know.

Ichika: Hey, wait. Should we just leave it lying there like that?

Cecilia: What are you doing over here, Ichika?

Ichika: Something I might regret. Whoa! I knew it...

Tabane: You bellboy, Ichi-kun! Yay, yay!

Ichika: It sure has been a long time, hasn't it, Tabane?

Tabane: Mm-hm. Long time no see. A really long time.
So Ichi-kun, where did little Houki go?

Ichika: Surely she's...

Tabane: That's okay. I'll find her soon enough, just by using this Houki Tracking Device I invented.
Okay, Ichi-kun. I'll see you later!

Cecilia: Ah, Ichika, who was that strange person just now?

Ichika: That's Tabane Shinonono, Houki's big sister.

- - - - -

Chifuyu: As you can see, everyone with the personal unit has been assembled here.

Rin: Um, just a minute, ma'am. Houki doesn't have her own unit, does she?

Houki: Well, I...

Chifuyu: It's all right, Shinonono. I'll explain everything. The reason that she's here is...

Tabane: Chi-chan! Hello! Hello! Hello! Oh I missed you, Chi-chan! Let's hug and confirm our love for each other.

Chifuyu: Please shut up, Tabane.

Tabane: You're using the unforgiving iron claw as always, aren't you? Ta-da! Hi, dear.

Houki: Yes, hello...

Tabane: It's been a while, hasn't it? How many years has it been?
I can't believe how much bigger you’ve gotten, little sister -- especially your boobies!

Houki: I will so hit you!

Tabane: You said that afterwards. That's so cruel!
She's a real dominator, isn't she, Ichi-kun?

Ichika: Ah, well...

Chifuyu: You know, Tabane. You should at least introduce yourself.

Tabane: That's such a pain.
Happy everybody, hi, I'm Tabane the genius. Hello, that's all. That's it.

Rin: You're Tabane?

Charlotte: As in Tabane the brilliant scientist who invented the IS units?!

Laura: The Tabane Shinonono?

Tabane: Now everyone, look up to the heavens!
This is Houki's own personal unit, the Akatsubaki!
All of its specs are way above the current models and it's handmade by me, Tabane!
This little beauty is the fourth generation type IS and Tabane the genius created it especially for Houki!

Laura: The fourth generation?

Cecilia: Wait. Other countries have only just made the prototypes of the third generation models.

Charlotte: Yet she's already...

Tabane: Don't worry, that's just because I'm Tabane the genius.
Okey-Houki-dokey, let's go ahead and start to get fitting and personalization.

Chifuyu: Well, mount up, Shinonono.

Tabane: Now I already have some of your personal data uploaded into that [loading].
So I just have to update it with your latest information.

Rin: Unbelievable. Her speed is simply amazing!

Tabane: Okay. The fitting is all done now.
That was super fast. I did great, huh?
Well, take it out for a test run -- try flying it.
It should move exactly how you imagine it will.

Houki: Okay. I'm ready to give it a shot.

Rin: Okay, that's really fast.

Charlotte: So that's the speed of a fourth generation model? Très incroyable!

Tabane: So Houki, what do you think?
It moves even better than you thought it would, doesn't it?

Houki: Yeah, I guess.

Tabane: Try using the sword.
The Amatsuki is the one on the right and the Karaware's on the left.
I'll go ahead and send you the data on the weapon specifications.

Houki: All right, Amatsuki, go! Holy...

Tabane: That was really nicely done.
And now you could try dealing with these next.
Good luck, Sis!

Laura: Wunderbar, nicht?

Ichika: Amazing.

Tabane: Mm-hm, super-duper!

Houki: It's perfect. This IS can do anything.

Maya: Oh no! Ms. Orimura! Look at this.

Chifuyu: It's a level A priority mission.
And apparently, it seems that counter measures have already been activated.
This test is suspended for now.
I'm afraid there's something I'll be needing all of you for.

Maya: Hang on it. Who's that strangely dressed woman?

Chifuyu: That's Tabane Shinonono.
Two hours ago, the Silverio Gospel, a third generation IS nicknamed "the Gospel," jointly developed by America and Israel went rogue.
Reports indicate that the unit began running wild during test maneuvers.
They were being carried out in the seas near Hawaii.
But it's now come that it's disappeared from the area where it was originally observed.
What's important is that according to our information, it was an unmanned unit.

Ichika: Again?

Chifuyu: As you can see, satellite tracking now indicates that the Gospel will be passing though our airspace just two kilometers from our present coordinates.
That will occur 50 minutes from now.
The orders that we've just received from the Academy's Board of Directors have made us responsible for handling this situation.
As we speak, our instructors are taking the training units and locking down all of the air and sea perimeters.
The rest of the action will be handled by the students who have personal units.

Ichika: Say what?

Laura: In other words, we are the ones who will stop that out-of-control IS.

Ichika: Wait, us?!

Rin: Must everything surprise you?

Chifuyu: Before we begin the official mission brief, this is the time for any questions you may have.

Cecilia: Ma'am, I would like to have the full specs and data on the target IS.

Chifuyu: Yes, that's a reasonable request. However, if any of this information is leaked,
you'll be tried in a court of inquiry and placed under house arrest for a minimum of 2 years, got it?

Cecilia: Understood, instructor.
This is a special artillery type designed for widespread target annihilation.
And like my own IS, it seems that the Gospel is capable of all ranges of attack.

Rin: All ranges of attack, plus maneuverability, too? That'll be tricky.

Charlotte: This specialized weapon way looks rather suspicious, n'est-ce pas?
I think that continuous defense will be quite difficult.

Laura: This data leaves its hand-to-hand capabilities unknown.
Can't we do some preliminary recon?

Chifuyu: No, that won't be possible.
The problem is that the target is currently moving across the ocean at super-sonic speeds.
So we'll only have one chance to intercept it.

Maya: But if we're just gonna have one chance at it, then that means...
Only a unit that has single-shot kill capabilities will have any chance of hitting it.

Ichika: What?

Rin: We'll get this thing with your Reiraku Byakuya.

Cecilia: It's the only thing that could possibly do it.
But the problem would be...

Charlotte: The problem is how to get Ichika to the coordinates.
Success will be difficult unless he conserves all his energy to use in the attack.
So how will we get in there?

Laura: That's difficult. He doesn't have an IS with enough speed to catch up to the target.
And he will also need an ultra-sensitive hyper sensor.

Ichika: Hey, now hold on just a minute. So I'm the one who's going?

All: Well, of course!

Ichika: Would you stop speaking in unison like that?

Chifuyu: Look, Orimura. This isn't a training exercise. This is a real combat.
If you don't think you're up for it yet, no one here is going to force you to go.

Ichika: Well, I'll go. And I'll show you that I can do it.

Chifuyu: All right, that's settled.
So at the present time, the personal IS unit that's able to go the fastest is...

Tabane: Hold it! Hold it! Just put this operation on hold for a minute, okay?

Ichika: She's back again?

Tabane: Chi-chan, Chi-chan! Guess what?
I have an even better plan! It's in my head and now it's printing.
So where's your printer?

Chifuyu: Will you leave?

Tabane: Just listen, 'kay? First off, it's definitely the Akatsubaki's turn to shine!

Chifuyu: What?

Houki: All right, Akatsubaki. Let's go!

Maya: I'm just curious, but do the top brass know that Professor Shinonono is here right now?

Chifuyu: I'll inform them later. But stopping that runaway IS is our top priority at the moment.

Tabane: All right now, Houki. Unfolding armor, activate!
Unfolding armor is now standard to all fourth generation IS models.
To put it in simple terms, the Akatsubaki is the next evolutionary step of the Yukihira Nigata.

Houki: The next step?

Tabane: That's right. And I used unfolding armor for the unit's entire body, yahoo!
Still we do have to deal with that.
Hey, I bet things running about by the ocean really reminds you that Shirokishi incident, huh?

Ichika: The Shirokishi incident...
That was ten years ago. Just one month after Tabane unveiled the IS,
Twenty three hundred and forty one missiles around the world were launched at once.
All of those missiles' on-board guidance systems were hacked simultaneously.
And all headed straight toward Japan.
And then a single girl piloting a silvery IS appeared out of nowhere.
That IS, which'd become to be known as the Shirokishi, single-handedly shot down all the missiles.
And as the sunset, it's simply disappeared, as if it'd only been an illusion.

Tabane: And who was inside that Shirokishi? Huh, Chi-chan?

Chifuyu: I have no idea.

Tabane: Well, I bet it was someone who has a 35-inch bust line!
That's so cruel, Chi-chan! You split poor Ms. Tabane's brain right in two!

Chifuyu: Well, isn't that nice?
Now the left half of your brain would be able to take turns thinking with the right half.

Tabane: Oh, good one! Yay! You're so smart, Chi-chan!

Chifuyu: Let's get back on topic. Okay, super genius.
How long until adjustments to the Akatsubaki are finished?

Cecilia: Ms. Orimura.

Chifuyu: Yeah, what?

Cecilia: Ma'am, I'm sure that I could achieve the objective in my Blue Tears.
As you know, the Gunner Strike, my high-maneuverability package is on its way here now.

Chifuyu: And does that package operate on molecular exchange?

Cecilia: Well, um, no. Not yet.

Tabane: [xxxxx] by, I can finish adjusting the Akatsubaki in seven minutes. No problem!

Chifuyu: Fine, that's it. The mission brief is Orimura and Shinonono will engage the Gospel.
She drives, he shoots. Let's blow that thing away, people. We'll launch in 30 minutes, ready or not.
So don't just stand there, get your asses moving!

Tabane: Well, this has a nice feeling to it.

Houki: No. You've got it all wrong.

Tabane: Oh, now don't make such a frowny face, baby sister.
Your face will freeze like that.

Houki: This is the face I was born with.

Tabane: Oh yes, that's right.
Anyway, let's hurry up and finish those adjustments to the Akatsubaki.

Ichika: I've got to make this work.
I'm the only one who can do it, who can execute a one-shot kill.

Houki: My own personal IS... At last, you're finally mine!

- - - - -ED- - - - -

Things have gotten pretty intense, haven't they?

I never would have believed that some out-of-control IS might show up.

I wonder if Orimura and the others are going to be all right.

Ah, Jeez! If only we had our own personal units, too!

Yeah, then we might be able to go give them some support right now.

Well, I guess there's no other choice. All we can do for now is pray.

The next episode, Get Ready.

Please Orimura, you and the others make it back safely, okay?
  