
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 

Mariya: I don't mind if you want to watch, but turn down the lights since it's my first time.

Narrator: Ame-no-kisaki Student Guidelines, Section One. A daughter of Ame-no-kisaki must keep the ten fundamental values in her heart at all times. The spirit of Purity, the spirit of Liberty, the spirit of Humility, the spirit of Faith, the spirit of Gratitude, the spirit of Pursuit, the spirit of Friendship, and the spirit of the Eternal Virgin. By the guidance of the Virgin Mary, we pray for the advent of eternal happiness for our daughters in every aspect of their lives.

Kanako: Dear Mother in Heaven, your daughter, Kanako, has finally arrived. This is the school where you met my father. And I, too, will find my one true love here in Ame-no-kisaki Girls' Academy.

----------<Title>----------

Kanako: Uh, this place is a lot bigger than I thought it would be. I'm following a walkway, so I don't think I'm going to get lost or anything, but it's a kind of weird that I haven't run into a single person. Huh? Someone's coming?! Thank goodness. I can ask her for directions. Hello, excuse me. Is this...

Matsurika: What are you just standing there, you stinking pig?

Kanako: Oink. Uh... What did you say just now? I must've misheard her. She xxx a cosplay, called me a pig. She said stinky, right? [Maybe she is afraid of pigs you dissect biology class. This disgusts, whatever.] Ow, shrieking dig, referring to shrieking [number] and archaeological xxx the research of today, but what does she ask to a stranger about that?

Matsurika: If you're trying to figure out if you misheard me or not, in that underperforming brain of yours, then I assure you, it's a waste of time. I was referring to you, stinking pig.

Kanako: I'm a stinking pig?!

Matsurika: And you more, a giant bloated sow as tall as the Eiffel Tower.

Kanako: Th-the Eiffel Tower? Noooooo! What, well, it is true that in middle school, my nickname was "telephone pole". And when we went to the zoo, I was told that I was taller than a mountain gorilla standing on its hind legs. I was also told that I was taller than a Masai giraffe xxx with its front legs spread out. But, but... the Eiffel Tower...?! We're talking about a world-xxx. I become on a Tokyo Tower level at best.

Matsurika: For your information, the Tokyo Tower is actually taller.

Kanako: What? No way! Then I take it back! Forget what I just said!

Mariya: What's all the commotion, Matsurika?

Kanako: Uh?

Mariya: Oh, is that an Ame-no-kisaki student I see standing over there?
Kanako, you said? I know that we've just met, but may I call you by your first name?

Kanako: Sure. As of tomorrow, I'll be transferring to Ame-no-kisaki's High School division.

Mariya: I see. So that's why you were wondering in a place like this?

Kanako: Huh?

Mariya: This area here is part of my family's property. It's hard to tell since it's within the school grounds.
  