
  MUSHI-SHI 20.
A Sea of Writings　筆の海（ふでのうみ）


Tama: Oh, you... Back again, eh, Ginko?

Ginko: Tama.


Tama: And your work... how's it been going?

Ginko: Ah, still the same, I guess. So how's Tanyu been?

Tama: Just like you, the same. Still writing. She's resting at the moment, though, so please keep your voice down. Are you here to view the archives again?

Ginko: Yes.

Tama: Wait here for a moment, please.


Tama: And what would you like to see today?

Ginko: Well, I'm caught up on most of the work of the past generations, so...

Tama: Then you're already at Miss Tanyu's generation... I'm impressed. They start on that shelf there.

Ginko: Thank you.

Tama: One more thing. Those cigars of yours, give them to me.

Ginko: I'm not going to smoke in here.

Tama: Sorry, but I can't take any chances, Ginko. The archives are priceless; the scrolls here are more than just guides to sealing away mushi. You haven't forgotten that now, have you?

Ginko: No, of course not.

Tama: The collected wisdom of mushi masters passed down through the generations... Indeed... these archives are priceless. All the more so because of their reason for being here...

Tama: "Forward: Circumstances regarding the birth of Tanyu, daughter and fourth-generation scribe of the Karibusa family. As recorded by Tama Minai, mushi master to the Karibusa family."


Tanyu's Father: Are you certain?

Tama: Yes, there's no mistaking it. She has the birthmark... She is the fourth-generation scribe.


Tama: Miss Tanyu, where are you?! Please return to your room this instant!

Young Tanyu: No! For once I want to play outside like others kids. Why is studying how to read and write all I ever do? And why does my leg looks so strange and why won't it move?!

Tama: I am sorry, child... Your life has not been easy. And these questions of your do deserve answers. You are old enough to understand now. Come, I'll tell you everything.

Tama: To begin with, that birthmark on your right leg is a remnant of a mushi sealed away inside you. My family and your have been connected for generations. It was my mushi master ancestors who sealed forbidden mushi away in the body of your ancestor.

Young Tanyu: Forbidden?

Tama: Yes. To understand, we must first go back to the beginning. Back then, flora and fauna lived in harmony with mushi. Where flora and fauna flourished, so too did mushi alongside them. Where they died off, the mushi did, as well. Once upon a time, a terrible catastrophe struck the land, killing flora, fauna and mushi alike. It was then that they first appeared, a type of mushi never before encountered; one that attempted to erase all other forms of life.


Young Tanyu: What was it like?

Tama: There are no records of its shape, nor how it was sealed in your ancestor's body... All I know is a story that my family has passed down. Your ancestor was pregnant when my ancestor sealed the forbidden mushi inside of her. She managed to survive, but there was a side effect. Her body turned as black as coal... The mushi continued to live inside her body until the very end, when, sadly your ancestor died giving birth to her child. Since then, once in every few generations of the Karibusa family, a child is born with a coal-black birthmark, a reminder of the mushi sealed within.

Young Tanyu: You mean the mushi are... alive inside of me? Does that mean that I'm gonna die, too?!

Tama: I will not let that happen to you, Tanyu! I promise you that! You have the power to put those mushi to sleep, not just for a while, but forever. And I will help you do it. When you have fully mastered the scribe's art, we will pack up the collected knowledge recorded by our ancestors. We will establish a new archive, and there, we will bury the forbidden mushi forever. When that is done, your black birthmark will disappear. Your afflicted leg will heal, and you'll finally be able to walk on it at long last. Three ancestors before you have gradually been eradicating those mushi. You will be the one to finally free your family from their curse.

Tama: Miss Tanyu, this is our new home.


Tanyu: That old dream again... How odd...

Tanyu: And so I began to lean the process of how to put the mushi to sleep under Tama's instruction. It was a little surprising at first.

Tama: You must write down everything I am about to tell you. Word for word, note for note, all of it, Miss Tanyu.

Tanyu: Tama told me stories about mushi and her experiences slaying them as a mushi master. They seemed like the stuff of fantasies, but they were all true. There were so many stories. One day she might regale me with tales of mushi roundups, accompanied by her distinct dramatic flair, of course. And onto the next, tell sad stories by lantern light... fascinating stories of faraway lands and strange people. However, whenever I wrote her stories down, an intense pain ran through my birthmark.

Young Tanyu: Tama... are the mushi leaving my body? Is that why it hurts...?

Tama: That's correct. Writing down the stories of how I slew mushi in the past, that's what kills the forbidden ones coursing inside you. I realize it's painful, but you must bear it, Tanyu.

Young Tanyu: Tama... All because of my family, your fate was sealed to become a mushi master, wasn't it? You could've had a different life... a happier one. Instead, you've had to take care of me. You must hate me sometimes because of that...

Tama: If I ever had any ill will, it completely disappeared the moment I laid eyes on you the day you were born. Miss Tanyu, I am grateful to you and your family.

Young Tanyu: Let's continue. Tell me more.

Tama: Are you sure, Miss?

Young Tanyu: Yes, I'll be fine.


Tanyu: The pain... Tama did all she could to ease it, but it was something I had to learn how to deal with over time. Eventually, Tama exhausted her stories, so she began to invite other mushi masters to tell theirs. And I heard them all...

Mushi Master: There was only one sure way to wipe out the vermin mushi. I found its natural enemy in the mountains. The mushi contained in this vial, I released a large number of them in the area. Within a month, you could not find one vermin mushi. Afterwards, I destroyed those other mushi, as well. You can't have too many of their species around, after all. But not to worry; they were easy to dispose of. I knew exactly what to do.

Tanyu: It didn't matter who was telling the story, they were all about one thing: killing. The pain in my leg... was nothing compared to the immense pain I felt in my heart. This killing was the result of arrogance toward these tiny life forms, and the unfounded fear of things different from what's familiar. No one ever said as much, but I could sense it. I wanted the killing to stop.

Mushi Master: Without killing them? I don't know of such stories. Look, you're just a child. You've never come face to face with mushi before. Only an experienced mushi master should say such.

Tanyu: He was right, of course. Perhaps I was out of line. I began to feel like there was nothing I could do to change things.


Tanyu: If I could only use this leg...

Ginko: Excuse me, Miss. Are you one of the Karibusas?

Tanyu: Yes.

Ginko: I thought so. I was told that no one else lives out in these parts. Oh, that must be the black birthmark I've heard so much about.

Tanyu: You must be a mushi master.

Ginko: I understand that you collect stories about mushi. And in exchange, one gets to peruse the Karibusa archives, right?

Tanyu: Sorry, I'm not in the mood. I've heard more than enough tales about killing mushi, thank you.

Ginko: Ah, stories without killing. Well then... this is your lucky day. I know a few of those.

Tanyu: Yes, but I doubt they'd be of much use to--

Ginko: Fine, if you don't want me to tell you about the mushi that eat moles.

Tanyu: Moles?

Ginko: Hm? Oh, no, it's nothing.

Tanyu: Go on, tell me. I want to hear all about those mushi.


Tanyu: Normally, any mushi master that passes through these doors must get Tama's permission first. To be honest, she probably wouldn't approve of you, so let's just say we keep this... between you and me.

Ginko: Incredible...

Tanyu: Listen, you have to be very careful how you handle the documents here. There's a dangerous species of mushi lying dormant in the character strings.

Ginko: Yeah, I've heard about that. The forbidden mushi... Don't worry; I'm pretty hard to kill. This place... it's like a gold mine for mushi masters.

Tanyu: Yes, that it is... But everything in here is a record of killing and death. Let's change that. I-I want to hear about people and animals and mushi living together in harmony. I'll arrange things with Tama, so you can come here from time to time. All you'd have to do, if you don't mind, is talk to me.

Ginko: My pleasure.


Tama: Miss Tanyu? Oh, you're already awake, I see.

Tanyu: Yes.

Tama: Feel like company? Ginko is here.

Tanyu: Then I shouldn't keep him waiting.


Ginko: Huh? Is that...?! Bookworm eggs... ...!! They're here... and here, too! The character strings are coming apart! It's happening... isn't it?

Tama: Ginko?

Ginko: Tama! Bookworms are hatching! They're eating the paper! They're breaking the seal!

Tama: Oh no! Miss Tanyu!

Tanyu: What's the matter?

Tama: The mushi... they've broken through the seal! They're escaping, and they're headed straight for you!

Ginko: This isn't looking good...

Tanyu: Don't worry. There's no way they can escape this room. (chuckles) So you're still alive, I'm surprised.

Ginko: Yes, so am I... They sure don't move like they'd been dormant for centuries...

Tanyu: Not them, I was talking about you, Ginko.

Ginko: Like I said, I'm hard to kill. So, can you return these things to the way they were?

Tanyu: Don't worry about it. I've got a few tricks to control mushi up my sleeve. Tama.

Tama: Here.

Ginko: (gasp) The character strings have stopped moving...

Tanyu: Careful now, that's a special sticky paste; the room's walls and ceiling are coated with it. Volume 1853, chapter one. ... Chapter two.

Ginko: These writings... you know them by heart?

Tanyu: Well, whether there are bookworms or not, all paper will eventually disintegrate, Ginko. From time to time, I have to recopy the text; memorization is important. Of course, reconfiguring the text can be difficult while the character strings are trying to wriggle away. But at the same time, I find it entertaining, as well.

Tama: These infernal mushi have more or less become Miss Tanyu's pets.

Ginko: Heh...

Tanyu: Yes, well, they can be rather cute in their own way.

Ginko: Do you think it's safe to keep so many mushi here?

Tanyu: It's all right. Besides, I'd have much more trouble making copies without them.

Ginko: That's quite a dangerous job you've got there, Tanyu...

Tanyu: I know, but it's my family's legacy. After all, this is what I was born and raised to do.


Ginko: And so, as generations before her had done, there lived a woman drowning in a sea of written characters. The end.

Tanyu: (chuckles) I know that story! Tell me another. Please?

Ginko: Hmm... You know, I think we should call it a day.

Tanyu: Come on, not yet. Less than half of what you told me would be useful for sealing away mushi.

Ginko: You had a hard day yesterday. Don't overdo it.

Tanyu: Sure, all right... Ginko, will you stay with me until I finish?

Ginko: Of course.


Ginko: And so there lived a woman who was ravaged by mushi. But instead of hate, she treated them with love... and sealed them away forever without doing any harm. The end.


Tama: Is Miss Tanyu done?

Ginko: Yes, she's resting.

Tanyu: Ginko... I'm okay. I don't want to rest... Instead, I want to go outside. Will you take me there, please?


Tanyu: This leg of mine... sometimes I wonder if I'll ever get to use it. I've waited so long...

Ginko: Sure you will. Your birthmark... it's gradually getting smaller, isn't it?

Tanyu: Slightly, a little at a time. If I don't lose it before I die, my descendents will inherit the birthmark and carry on the curse... as it's always been... Four generations now... Who knows? Maybe I'm not the one. Maybe I'm not destined to end it...

Ginko: What if you are? Your leg... what will you do if it heals?

Tanyu: Well, I'd like to travel with you some. Maybe see all the different mushi you told me about. Who knows? (laughs softly) Even if it did heal, I'd be an old lady before I could use it.

Ginko: Hmm...

Tanyu: I was just kidding.

Ginko: Let's do it. That is, of course... assuming I'm not dead by then. It's a deal.

Tanyu: Then try to stay alive.

Ginko: Easier said than done. I could be swallowed whole by a mushi tomorrow.

Tanyu: Oh, please. I thought you were supposed to be hard to kill.

Ginko: True. But... I'm just saying.

Tanyu: I'm not worried.
  