
Yoki: (groaning) (labored breathing)


- Opening -


Nui: Hey... boy... Are you still alive?



MUSHI-SHI 12.
One-Eyed Fish　眇の魚（すがめのうお）



Yoki: (gasps)

Nui: So then, you can see mushi?

Yoki: ......

Nui: There's no need to be afraid. Mushi like those are merely a nuisance. They don't really have much influence over us. Or perhaps... it's me you're afraid of? Drink this. It will help with your injuries. You can rest here until your leg heals. But as soon as it does I want you out.

Yoki: (slurp) (coughing)


Yoki: Mom... Mom... Mom!

Yoki's Mother: Wait. This doesn't seem right. We must have taken the wrong road.

Yoki: Mom!

Yoki's Mother: What is it, Yoki, seeing those scary things again?

Yoki: Uh-huh...

Yoki's Mother: Don't worry, son. It's just your imagination playing tricks on you. It's all right. You have to be strong now.


Yoki: (panting) ......


Yoki: (crying)

Nui: There's no need to be afraid.


Yoki: My foot feels like it's starting to get better.

Yoki: Huh? What strange-looking fish... Solid white with green eyes. And they're all missing an eye.

Nui: It's because of the mushi living in the pond. They're most active at night and at daybreak. It's best to stay away.

Yoki: So... er, these mushi... Are they... some kind of spirits?

Nui: I wouldn't say that exactly. They're mostly energy, but they're still very much alive. Just not in the same way you and I are.

Yoki: And you say some have the power to influence us?

Nui: They exist on a different plane but they're not entirely disconnected from ours. Think of them as the essence of life and its many forms.

Yoki: I see. I think I understand.


Yoki: It's slow going, but at least I can get around without a cane now.


Nui: Yoki, from what I can tell, it seems your leg is healing nicely. Do you have a family you can go home to?

Yoki: No, I don't... not now, anyway. It... it was just me and my mom. Now that she's gone... Besides... my foot... it still hurts when I walk.

Nui: I see.

Yoki: But, listen, can we talk about something else? Like, maybe you could tell me what kind of mushi live in that pond?

Nui: Mm... well, you might say they're... "total darkness."

Yoki: Darkness?

Nui: Yes. There are two types of darkness. The first occurs when you close your eyes, or when you're outside on a moonless night... It's the temporary darkness. Total darkness, on the other hand, is endless. During the day, the dark mushi sleep in the shadows, but at night, they come out to feed on smaller mushi.

Yoki: So, what was it that made your hair and eyes change color? And the fish?

Nui: At dawn sometimes, the surface of the pond sparkles silver. Most likely an effect caused by the remains of ingested mushi dissolving in the water. The change results from repeated exposure to that light.

Yoki: Yeah, but then, aren't you worried that you'll lose your other eye if you stay here too long?

Nui: You've seen the fish, did you notice a single one missing both eyes? No. This is the extent of the change. The sun will be setting soon. We'd best get indoors.

Yoki: But wait a minute. Do these mushi have a name?

Nui: The mushi which have the characteristics of darkness are called Tokoyami... The mushi which cause the silver light, however, seem to be a separate mushi that live within the Tokoyami. I don't know if that mushi has a name. I call it "Ginko."


Yoki: What's this one?

Nui: Inedible.

Yoki: Then, how about this one?

Nui: Try taking a bite of it. But don't swallow it.

Yoki: Blech! (coughs) Ooh, it's hot! (coughs) Aw...

Nui: It won't kill you. But it should help toughen your taste buds a bit.

Yoki: It's awful...!


Yoki: Oh! That's strange. They're forming a ball!

Nui: Hoooo...

Yoki: You broke them up.

Nui: Wait. They'll ball right back up again. It's a common occurrence when I walk through the mountains.

Yoki: Do you think I can give it a try?

Nui: Just don't go making a habit of it.

Yoki: I won't.

Nui: Now, it might be a bit strong at first...

Yoki: (coughs)

Nui: (laughs)


Yoki: Hey! Can we light the lantern?

Nui: Oh, sorry. I forget most people can't see in the dark. I can.

Yoki: Because of the Ginko?

Nui: Probably. Still, it's a convenient ability to have. You know, Yoki, when you're walking alone through the mountains at night, you invariably come to places where the moonlight fails to reach the road and the stars disappear behind the branches overhead. In the sudden darkness, it's very easy to become disoriented. But even though it's a fairly common experience, always be aware: if it ever feels your memories are slipping away, if you have trouble recalling your name or your past, it means the Tokoyami is near. You can escape, however, if you can remember just one thing.

Yoki: But what if I can't remember anything?

Nui: It doesn't matter what you're able to recall. Any name that pops into your head will do.

Yoki: Even if it's not mine?

Nui: Yes, as a last resort. Though it's said that you won't be able to remember what your name was prior to that time.


Yoki: Nui...

Nui: Hmm?

Yoki: Do you mind if I ask, you know, why you live here?

Nui: Sure, I can tell you. There's a village just beyond these maintains. It's the place where I was born. It's small and isolated but beautiful all the same. Unfortunately, because of my tendency to attract mushi, I'm unable to stay for too long in one place, so I became a mushi master, traveling around from village to village, exterminating mushi. Still, I returned home as often as I could to visit with friends and family, in most of all, my husband and son, who I loved more than anything. Until, one day... I returned to news that a group of villagers -- my husband, son, father and friends among them -- had ventured into the mountains and never came back. I searched for weeks, but there was no sign of them. When I came to this place, though, I realized there were Tokoyami living in the pond... Well, I'd learned from other mushi masters the effects of the Tokoyami, as well as the techniques for avoiding them, and so it is. I continue to live here in the hopes that my friends and loved ones are still out there somewhere, wandering around...

Yoki: So how long have you been out here?

Nui: I'm not sure. Six years, perhaps.

Yoki: Six years by yourself? I don't really know if your friends and family are still out there somewhere, but if they are... Well then I... I want to try to help find them. I do. I could stay and...

Nui: You can't!

Yoki: Why not? Why won't you let me?

Nui: Because... I have to do this alone. It's my burden; don't let it concern your life as well. One more word about this, and I'll have you leave right now.


Yoki: I know she is hiding something. There's a real reason why she doesn't want me to stay here. Come on, Tokoyami! Ginko, come out.

Yoki: What's happening to that fish? Its good eye is... ... It disappeared...

Nui: Yoki! What are you doing out here? I told you it's not good to be exposed to that light!

Yoki: Listen... The reason the fish to have one eye... is because they disappear when both eyes are gone. Did... did you know that?

Nui: They haven't disappeared. The light emitted by the Ginko turns living things into Tokoyami.

Yoki: It's the same thing! If you knew that, why didn't you do something about it? You're a mushi master! Why would you even let something that terrible exist?!

Nui: You must not let your vision beclouded by fear and anger. There are times when we must simply accept that all things serve a larger purpose. The cycle of life extends beyond the world we can see and connects us all in unexpected ways. Therefore, whenever possible, a wise mushi master chooses understanding over extermination. As for me, I've spent my time here studying the Ginko in some detail. Unfortunately, by the time I discovered what ultimately became of the fish, I had already been exposed to too much of the Ginko's light. I began gathering one-eyed fish from the pond and experimented with various ways to protect them from further exposure. However, once the fish started to turn white, while I was able to delay the change to a certain extent, eventually all of them lost both eyes and became Tokoyami.

Yoki: All of them? Then, you mean...

Nui: For a time I refused to accept the idea that my husband and son had transformed into Tokoyami. I continued my search clinging to the hope that they had somehow avoided exposure. Then one day... I suddenly came to the realization... my whole world... everything I had ever cared about... it was all right here. There's nothing more for me. But you, Yoki, if you understand what I'm saying, you'll leave this place while you can.

Yoki: No! I'm not just gonna let you give up like this! Please, come with me!

Nui: Fool! Don't be absurd! I'm beyond help now. It's a fact I thought I'd come to terms with long ago, but... your being here... it only makes things difficult. Please, just go. And don't worry, I think life on the road will suit you well. Believe me... you're better off not having a place you call home.

Yoki: I won't! This is my home! I've lived here longer than anywhere else!

Nui: Yoki. This place is where the Tokoyami lives; it's where I live. It's not a place for you.


Nui: The time... has finally come.


Yoki: The pond... (panting) Don't go! Nui?! Wait! Don't go! Nui!

Nui: What have you done?!

Yoki: Nui, is that you?!

Nui: Go back!

Yoki: But you're...

Nui: It's too late for me now. The Ginko will awaken soon. Get as far away as you can. Come now... hurry!

Yoki: It's strange... Your hand... there's no warmth but... but it's not cold, either.

Nui: I know. But your hand is still warm. And not just your hand. I no longer have eyes, but when you look at me, even now, I can feel it -- warm, like sunshine. After so many years alone on that cold, dark pond, it's good to know that feeling again. Now, listen, Yoki. From here on, keep one eye closed. You will have to sacrifice one eye to the Ginko in order to escape the Tokoyami. But no matter what happens, keep your other closed tightly. You'll need it, if you are to see the sunlight again. (gasp) The Ginko! Do as I say!

Yoki: Ah! Nui! So that's the Ginko... An eyeless fish that swims in the endless darkness.

Nui: You must not let your vision beclouded by fear and anger. There are times when we must simply accept that all things serve a larger purpose.


???: I... I smell dirt. There's the moon again. Well... what night is this? I can't remember for some reason. (gasp) My name... If this happened, what was I supposed to do?


???: The next morning... my right eye saw the sunlight again. But it felt like the first time.

Man: Who are you? You're not from around here. Huh? Hey!

Man: Hey, I'm back. Looks like you're finally back on your feet, huh?

Ginko: Mm-hm.

Man: So were you able to remember anything besides your name?

Ginko: Not yet.

Man: Well, you can stay here as long as you need to. If you're up to, I'll take you to meet the village elder tomorrow.


Ginko: The only thing is... even in the sunlight, the hole of my left eye used to be is still dark, like a bottomless pit. And it seemed to attract these strange creatures. It's a sign, maybe, that bad luck is going to follow me wherever I go. That's the feeling I get, anyway.

Man: Ginko, dinner's ready. Huh? Ginko? Ginko!
  