
Late Summer Greeting Card!Azusa:I hope this letter finds you well, in spite of the lingering summer heat.Summer vacation is halfway over, how have you all been since we last saw each other? Hm, seems a little stiff and formal.Tonchan is doing well again today. In addition to his usual five food pellets, he also ate a silce of cucumber. No, they don’t really need to know the details of the Tonchan’s diet. How are your studies going? Well I hope. No, there’s at least one who studies obviously won’t be going well.It’s from Yui sempai!

Yui:Azunyan, how are you?Thanks a lot for looking after Tonchan over summer vacation! Right now we’re studying really hard in the library!

Azusa:[sighs] I’m so bored. Oh forget this, I’m gonna go have fun!!!


——SIDE A—---

Ui:Wow it’s so huge!

Azusa:[chuckles] Isn’t it? My mom said I shoud bring you guys a gift!

Ui:Thank you very much!

Azusa:Where’s Yui sempai?

Ui:After she came home from the library, she ate the lunch I made for her, and went back to her studies!

Azusa:Wow, she really works hard when she applies herself.Hm? Or maybe not.

Ui:I wonder if she’s decided to take a break. Anyway, I’ll bring her cell this watermelon. 

Azusa:You’re not slincing it!?

Ui:Nope, her dream has always been to take a big watermelon that’s been cut into half like this, and then eat through the seedless area in the middle with the spoon! Hey sis! Azusa-chan brought over a watermelon for us, I’ll leave it out here for you. I just left it outside her door.

Azusa:Oh? She changed her tempo.

Ui:Yeah, she sounds like she’s feeling happy.

Azusa:Does that mean she’s eating while playing the guitar?

Ui:Yeah, it was just like this at lunch time too.

Azusa:Huh? At lunch time? You had chilled soba noodles?

Ui:Yeah, but you get the summer drawdown if you only eat noodles, so I made tempura too.Azusa:Huh! Tempura, watermelon… Sempai, don’t eat thaaaaat!!

Ui:Huh? What’s wrong?

Azusa:Yui-sempai! Oh my goodness.

Huh..? It was a dream?Hm? Coming!

Ui:Good afternoon!

Azusa:Hi Yui, come in! Sorry I had sort of conked out for a few minutes.

Ui:Who are you?

Azusa:You came to my house, so you know who I am!

Ui:Sorry, for a second I didn’t recognise you.  Azusa:Sheesh. [yawns]

Ui:You look sleepy.

Azusa:I was watching TV last night and before I knew it it was really late. So I’ve been walking around the house didn't much had a sleep all day today.　

Ui:

Azusa:So what do you wanna do today?

Ui:Um.. why don’t we invite Jun-chan along and go hang out?

Azusa:Didn’t she say that her jazz club was gonna have practice everyday over summer vacation? 

Ui:In that case, why don’t we take her a care package?| don’t think anyone's in there.

Auzsa:I guess that jazz club takes Obon day off too. I’m not really surprised. Oh hey, since we’re here and all, why don't we go eat in the light music club room?

Ui:Oh, can we? 

Azusa:Yeah, let’s go do it. We’ll need the key to get in though. I wonder if any teacher is here.Excuse us ma’am.

Sawako:Oh? Who are you?

Azusa:You were there at Natsu Fest when I got this way! 

Sawako:Relax, I was joking. So what brings you here?

Azusa:We came to deliver a care package to the Jazz club, but no one was there.

Sawako:Yeah, it’s just because of the Obon holiday. The other teachers are all the way visiting their families or on trips and such, so I’m holding down the fort. It’s letting me get a lot of extra work done.

Azusa:Oh really, it is?

Ui:Be my guest.

Sawako:But I didn’t get you anything.

Ui:Don’t mention it, you always take good care of my sister.

Sawako:Oh not at all, I'm in their dept for imposing on them and slacking off in the clubroom.　Azusa:What a great sister!

------

Azusa:Have you gotten any texts from Jun-chan?

Ui:Not yet. I wonder what’s keeping her.Maybe she’s already gone somewhere else to hang out for the day. Would you rather have peach or plum?

Azusa:Plum!

Ui:Here you go.

Azusa:Thanks.

Ui:You know it’s kinda warm in here today. 

Azusa:Yeah.

Ui:It’s so quiet.

Azusa;If we had other members, maybe I’ll be practing like them right now.

Ui:Hey hey, wanna go out and catch a movie? Azusa:That might be fun. Maybe we could go see a summer horror movie.

Azusa:Mio-sempai?I get it, she’s training herself to overcome her fears by going all by herself to see horror movies! It’s already scary right now. I wonder if she’s gonna be able to handle this.That’s amazing. Has her training paid off? But if this film stays true to the horror movie formula, the next scence is probably gonna get extra scary…! No way! She didn’t even flinch at that scary scene! Running down the list of possibilities, this either isn’t Mio, or she’s passed out! Oh no. I knew it, I thought something was weird… Mio sempai’s cell phone? But they said to turn off our phones during the movies. Sempai!!...A dream? Ui, your cell.

Ui:Sorry, I fell asleep. Hey, it’s from Jun-chan. Look!Like we thought, she had a day off. She said she went to visit her grandparents out in a country.It’s kinda lonely, without Jun-chan around.

Azusa:Um.

Ui:When you get back, let’s have a lots and lots of fun, okay?

-----

Ui:You said you wanted to see this one, right?

Nah, let’s just skip the horror movie and see this one instead.

Ui:Oh, okay, but there’s a pretty long way until the next time they show it.

Azusa:Well let’s go kill some more time somewhere then Okay?

Ui:Mm-huh.

Azusa:That reminds me. I didn’t send out my late summer greeting texts yet. How about postcards? But I spend way too much at Natsu-Fest so money’s tight for the rest of the month. Maybe I shoud have gotten a summer job after all. Plus once Jun-chan gets back we have to go out and stuff. 

Ui:How about this job?

Azusa:The pay is a little low, isn’t it?

Ui:How about this?

Azusa:150 dollars per day sounds a little bit fishy to me..

Ui:Let’s see… How about that?

Azusa:Lottery assistants?

Ui:Let’s go check it out!

------

Ui:Seventh prize, a pack of tissues.

Ui, Azusa:Thank you very much for playing today.

Azusa:All that’s left now is first prize, the trip to Finland, and seventh prize of pack of tissues. Which means that there’s only one red ball and one gold ball left in there. 

Tsumugi:I’d like to play.

Azusa:Mugi-sempai! I thought you were in Finland!

Tsumugi:Yes. But I had the overwhelming urge to play the shopping archade lottery, so I came back home a day early. I’ve always dreamed of spinning this rattering contraption round and round and winning some tissues.

Azusa:Oh please God if you’re listening, please grant her wish of winning a packet of tissues..!!

Ui:And.. seventh prize! A big packet of tissues!

Tsumugi:Oh, hooray!

Azusa:Good for her. But that means that the only prize left in there now is the grand prize, trip to Finland!

Ui:Why don’t you give it a roll, Azusa-chan?

Tsumugi:I have an extra ticket you can use.

Azusa:Alright.

Ui:And… [cheers]We have a winner! 

Azusa:Hey, wait a minute. This is just another dream! Ui, Mugi-sempai, please pinch my cheeks right away!

Ui:Is this okay?

Azusa:Um. I knew it.

Ui, Tsumugi:One, two.

Azusa:It doesn’t hurt!

Tsumugi:So what if it’s only a dream?

Ui:You can go to Finland anyway.Congratulations on winning Azusa-chan. Congratulations….

A boy:Teto, teto!!!

Azusa:[gasps] I woke up before I went on a trip! Not only that, I slept through the movie...


——SIDE B—— 

Jun:Where is she!?

Ui:She’ll be here any minute.

Azusa:Sorry! It took a little while to get ready.

Jun:Uh? Who are you?

Azusa:I knew you were gonna say that! 

Jun:How come your skin is so tan now?

Azusa:I guess I just burn right away when I got outside in the sun. Jun:Outside?

Azusa:Oh! The light music club went to Natsu Fest.

Jun:Natsu Fest? How did you swing that!?

Ui:Maybe you should have joined the light music club, Jun-chan?

Jun:I-I’m not jealous of you or anything!

Ui:They went to the beach for the training camp the last two years. My sister said that they go to a summer house with a recording studio.

Jun:A summer house with a studio!? Ummm.

Azusa:Wanna join up, Jun?

Jun:I had no regrets!

-----

Ui:Jun-chan your swim suits are really cute!

Jun:Aha thanks! I bought a brand new one this year.

Ui:Azusa-chan, are you done changing yet?

Azusa:Aw, please don’t look at me!

Jun:Well, those are some impressive tan line.

Azusa:[cries] 

Ui:Oh, Azusa-chan.

Jun:Hey I got it. If you completely cover up, it’ll solve everything!

Azusa:Cover up?

Azusa:Yeah! 

Ui, Jun:Let’s play!

Azusa:That’ll make me stand out even more.I’ll work on all-over tan at the side of the pool, so you go have fun!

Jun:Here comes! And catch!

Ui:That’s so cool!

Jun:I feel kinda bad about leaving Azusa. 

Ui:

Azusa:Oh my. 

Jun:Oh well, we’re really high up, aren’t we?

Ui:Hey, why don’t you go first, Azusa-chan?

Ritsu:If you’re gonna slide, you’ll need this!

Azusa:Huh?

Ritsu:It’s yours. Take it.

Azusa:Ritsu-sempai, what are you doing way up here!? And what’s with the yakisoba?

Ritsu:This is the yakisoba slider, it's all the rage. Look there. You go down the water slide like that.

Azusa;Huh? Hey wait a minute, isn’t that.. Yui-sempai? And Mugi-sempai? And Mio-sempai!?

Yui:Darn it!

Tsumugi:Oh, I didn’t get to eat any of that again.

Mio:Ritsu! Order another for me!

Yui:Me too!

Tsumugi:And for me!

Azusa:Huhh!?

Ritsu:Go on Azusa, it’s time for you to slide away.

Azusa:Don’t push! No one said anything about yakisoba..!

Ritsu:Here!

Azusa:Thank you, but I don’t wanna any.. 

Ritsu:No can’t-do, you gotta take it.

Ritsu:Have a nice trip!

Azusa:[screams]

A boy:Dad! Give my swim ring and toss it over here!　

Azusa:.. Dream?

Ui:Azusa-chan! We bought you some yakisoba.

Jun:There was a long line, so it took a little while.Hey, you've got a nice even tan now.

Azusa:It’s looking better.

Jun:Yakisoba always tastes better when you eat it outside like this.

Ui:I know what you mean.

Azusa:Now that you mention it, Mugi-sempai was looking forward to having yakisoba at Natsu Fest, but they sold out fast and she never got to eat any.

Jun:Going about Natsu-Fest again?

Ui:When you guys were in the tent at night, I bet that you spent the whole time fooling around and making a ruckess. 

Azusa:That’s for sure. Ritsu-sempai was her usual hilarious self and..

Jun:Aww fine! I admit it! I’m jealous!! How come you keep having training camps like that!?

Azusa:W-well.. I guess because we...

Tsumugi:I have a summer house we can use.

Sawako:Why don’t I take you guys there?

Azusa:We.. we don’t have many members so we have plenty funds to go around! 

Jun:Umm. Oh, I envy you guys.

Azusa:I can’t tell her we went for free.

Jun:You’re so lucky in the light music club. Mio is gorgeous and she’s great on the bass.

Azusa:[chuckles] Yeah that’s right.

Jun:Yui-sempai is a great guitar player, too. 

Azusa:You think so? I’ve got to admit, I’ve been really surprised how much better she’s gotten lately. It’s pretty impressive. 

Jun:Well, that’s Ui’s sister for you.

Azusa:But she can’t be bothered to learn the lingo, and she can’t read sheet music very well. She has a long way to go.

Jun:I had no idea. 

-----

Jun:That was so much fun!

Ui:I hope we can go one more time before summer ends.

Azusa:Yeah.

Jun:Oh?

Yui:Ui? Azu-nyan!

Azusa:It’s Yui sempai.

Yui:Azu-nyaan!!

Ui:Are you guys just heading home from the library?

Mio:Yeah.And, we’re on the way over to the Sakuragaoka summer festival to unwind a bit.

Yui:Sniff. Sniff sniff. Hey, you smell like a swimming pool, Azu-nyan.

Azusa:Please don’t sniff me. And it’s because we all just came from the pool.

Yui:Hey! You three shoud come and hang out with us at the festival, okay?

Ritsu:Hook me up with another, pops! 

A man:Sure thing.

Azusa:By the way Mugi-sempai, weren’t you supposed to be in Finland?

Tsumugi:Actually I came back a little early ‘cause I wanted to come to the summer festival. I’m bound and determined to eat yakisoba this time.

Mio:Mugi, we found some!

Tsumugi:I’ll be back!

Yui:Get your grilled corn right here! Now to eat it you gotta go like this!

Ritsu:What are you, some kind of rodent?

Yui:Here, you have some.Isn’t it terrific!?

Azusa:It’s a little bit charred, but it tastes totally delicious!

Yui:Oh? You know the charred parts are my favorite!

Ui, Jun:[chuckles] 

Ritsu:Okay now people, next up on the agenda is, mango shaved ice!

Yui:Watermelon flavor for me! 

MIo:There’s no such flavor!

Jun:Strawberry for me!

Ui:Me too!

Ritsu:Grean tea and beans.

Yui:Oh you’re so traditional!

Mio:I’ll have melon.

Tsumugi:I’d like a blue Hawaii.

Yui:In that case, I’ll go with a purple Argentina! 

Mio:Quit making up flavours!

Azusa:I think I’ll have the strawberry milk.

Yui:Look at me! Look at my tongue!

Mio:Would you stop that!?

Yui:Your toungue is a funny colour too.

Mio:Oh.

Ui:Sis! Look, they’ve got a goldfish scooping booth over there.

Yui:I’m so there! We’ll put them in Tonchan’s tank to keep on company!

Tsumugi:But the goldfish might be eaten if we do that.

Ritsu:Oh I’m sure that they’ll be eaten pretty quick. They’ll be like crunch! and mash! and rip! and tear!!

Mio:Cut it out!

Yui:But Tonchan is tiny, so it’ll be safe.

Ritsu:I was just kidding, so it’ll be just fine.

Azusa:My life is definitely more fun when I’m with these guys.

Yui:Then let’s get some goldfish!

Mio:No! We can’t!

Yui:Huh?Look! They’re launching fireworks!

Ritsu:What!? Why didn’t they say anything about it! It doesn’t look too far away. Let’s get moving people!

Yui:Whatcha doing?

Mio:Yeah!

Yui:Come on, let’s go Azunyan.

Ritsu:Hey come on!

Azusa:They’re so pretty… Is this real? Am I dreaming again?

Ui:Azusa-chan! Where is my sister and the others?

Azusa:I don’t know, We got seperated.

Ui:Would they be okay?

Azusa:Yeah I’m sure they’ll be just fine.

Ui:You’re right.

Jun:Think we should head home?

Ui:Sure.

-----

Azusa:Hey Jun. Why not join the light music club? There’s still time.

Jun:It’s tempting… I’m in.

Ui:Hey, good for you Azusa-chan.

Jun:If you don’t get any other new members next year that is.

Azusa:I don’t even wanna think about that.

Jun:But there will be no point if all the cool people like Mio-sempai are gone.

Azusa:Hah!? What did you say!?

Jun:I’m kidding, I’m kidding. 

Azusa:Today was a lot of fun. But, what if it was all.. Just another dream?Awww! No, it’s not a dream. I almost forgot, after this year is done, I’m going to be all alone.

Azusa’s mother:Azusa, we’re finishing this watermelon without you!

Azusa:NO! wait for me!

Yui:I’m home! Ui! That’s pretty weird, did I get home before she did? Huh? Leftovers lunch detective! Lucky! Down the hatch! Huh? Yui here, hey Azu-nyan? So what’s up with you? You sent me a what? A letter? A postcard? No I haven’t seen one. Oh maybe this is it. Shaved ice and tempura don’t go well together, so whatever you do, do not eat them together. Ah.. Azunyan.. What do I do.. 
