
(panting/running footsteps)
(amp switched on/ buzzing)
(electric guitar solo “My Love is a Stapler”)
Yui: Nah-nah-nah... Hm-hm-hm…

(door opens)
Ritsu: Ahh…
Yui: Heh, I look so awesome!
Ritsu: What are you doing?
(squealing feedback)
Yui: Huh? Working on a signature move, for our freshman reception show.
Others: Huh?!?
Azusa: It’s just kinda weird to see you here so early.
Yui: I set my alarm clock wrong and came to school an hour early by mistake.

Ritsu: There’s something on your face.
Yui: Hm? Huh? Huh??? Ah, bread! Bread crumbs!

(opening theme song “GO! GO! MANIAC”)

Yui: Azu-nyan! Congratulations on becoming a junior.
Azusa: Why congratulate me for that?
Ritsu: You know. You really don’t look all that different from last year, Azusa.
Azusa: Oh yeah! Well like you’re one to talk, Ritsu-senpai.
Ritsu: Hey, what’s the big deal? I was talking about your height.
Azusa: Then why were you looking at my bust...

Mugi: I have to agree.
Ritsu: Alright, since we’re all here. How about we practice?
Yui: Yeah!
 These five people are the members of our high school's light music club. My name is Yui Hirasawa, on guitar and vocals. My favorite things are stuff that’s cute or delicious. Our drummer and club president is the ever-energetic Ritsu Tainaka. On keyboard is kind-hearted and slightly spacey, Tsumugi Kotobuki. Mio Akiyama is on bass. She’s level-headed, but she’s also really shy and a scaredy-cat. And also on guitar is the tiny and adorable, Azusa Nakano. She’s our beloved kōhai. Azu-nyan is a junior this year. And the other four of us, we’re seniors. I feel so grown-up. We all play in a band together. It’s called After School Teatime. We have tea and lots of fun every day. Alrighty, then.

(cassette tape playing/ ep1. Seniors!)
Yui: I can’t believe we’re finally seniors. Time sure flew by.
Ritsu: I don’t get what you’re so happy about.
Yui: Aw, c’mon, Rit-chan! Can you really blame me? There’s something so cool about it. So what are seniors supposed to do anyway?
Ritsu: Learn how to set your alarm clock correctly for starters.

Ritsu: Huh?
Yui: Do I look like a senior? Am I giving off a new vibe?
Ritsu: What could’ve possibly changed in the last two seconds?

Ritsu: Your part! You changed sides. Huh! It’s, it’s… it’s too hard to tell. Denied.


Yui: I wonder what our class assignments are gonna be.
Ritsu: Maybe you’ll be off by yourself in another class again, Mio.
Mio: A-anything but that.
Mugi: It’ll be alright, Mio.
Ritsu: Huh? Goodness! What shocking development is this?
Mio: Huh?!?
Ritsu: Kidding. I can’t see a thing.
Mio: I wanna go home.
Yui: Rit-chan.
Ritsu: What?
Yui: I’ll make my way in and take a look.
Ritsu: Ahaha, good luck!



Others: Uh?

Ritsu: What are you doing? Get up, Yui.

Ritsu: Well, so what did you see?
Yui: Hm… what do you mean? Oh, we’re all gonna be in the same class together this year.
Others: No way!
Mugi: We really are?
Yui: Yea, isn’t that amazing?
Ritsu: That’s so gross. You got snot hanging from your nose.
Mugi: You don’t wanna go to class like that.
Ritsu: Hey, Mio. Isn’t that great? We’re all together for senior year. So you don’t have to…

Ritsu: You could at least try to pretend like you don’t care.

Mugi: The second time we went, we saw a lot more…
Yui: Look, look! Nodoka’s in our class too.
Ritsu: Oh!
Nodoka: Looks like this’s gonna be a boisterous class.
Yui: Isn’t this the best class ever?
Mio: It’s like someone rigged it to keep us together.
Mugi: It does. What an amazing coincidence.
Ritsu: Wait. You don’t think… Did you use your power as student council president?
Nodoka: No, of course I didn’t. No one could possibly fix it so that…
(Door opens)
Sawako: Alright, everyone please take your seats.
Everyone: She could.
Sawako: This is my very first time acting as a homeroom teacher. So even though I have my share of shortcomings, let’s all have a good year.
Random girl: How lucky, we’ve got Miss Yamanaka as our homeroom teacher. She’s gorgeous and she seems really nice.
Ritsu: Hey, you shouldn’t let appearances deceive you. Sawa-chan is really a…
Sawako: Miss Tainaka?
Ritsu: Huh, ma’am?
Sawako: Please refrain from talking in class.
Ritsu: I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it.

Ritsu: There you are.
Sawako: Hm?
Ritsu: Sawa-chan, we need to talk. The five of us wanna ask you something really important. Did you have anything to do with our homeroom assignments this year?
Sawako: Of course. I put you all in the same class.
Ritsu: Wait, can you do that? Aren’t you abusing your power?
Sawako: So what’s the problem? Aren’t you happy?
Mio: Of course we’re happy, but still.
Sawako: Besides it means I have five fewer names to memorize.
Ritsu: Hah. That explains it.
Yui: I absolutely love it. Thank you for doing that, Miss Yamanaka.
Sawako: You’re very welcome.
Ritsu: Quit spazzing out, Yui.
Yui: Huh? But I’m excited we all get to spend our final year of high school together.
Mio: It’s great that we’re together, but we all need to start thinking about our future plans.

Yui: But this means, we all go on class trips together, and do our school festival presentation together, and we can study for all our tests together. And I’ll be able to copy your homework too.
Ritsu: Ehh?
Others: What’s that last one?
Yui: I’m so psyched to be a senior.
Sawako: The orientation ceremony’s about to start. You should get to the auditorium.
Everyone: Yes, ma’am!

(chatting noise)


(birds chirping)

Alright for the school song.
(piano playing and students singing along)

Azusa: Lemme at it.
Suzuki: What are you so psyched about, Azusa?
Azusa: I’m going to get more people to join the light music club. Yeah!

Yui: Hmmmm…
Nodoka: Yui?
Yui: Ah, Nodoka-chan.
Nodoka: What are you doing there?
Yui: It seems like I’m one short of a dozen.
Nodoka: So you are. Well, I’m off to the student council meeting.
Yui: Mhm, and I’m gonna go practice for reception show right now.
Nodoka: I hope you’re able to find some new members for the club. 
Yui: Well, I don’t mind too much if we don’t.
Nodoka: Do you really mean that?
Yui: Uh-huh.
Nodoka: But once you all graduate, Azusa will be the only one left in the club.
Yui: Whoa you’re right.
Nodoka: You need to start thinking things through. Well, practice hard.
Yui: Mhm. She’s right. The light music club has to work hard for Azu-nyan. Yeah!

(cassette tape playing)
Yui: It’s so relaxing here in the club room.
Ritsu: I know what you mean. I had the urge to come here over springbreak.
Azusa: Yea, so did I.
Ritsu: Okay. What’s our first order of business this year?
Azusa: To go and recruit…
Ritsu: To eat Mugi’s delicious cakes. I’m kidding. We’ll get to that, I promise.
Azusa: Geez, take this seriously, would you?
Yui: She’s right, Rit-chan. If we don’t get new members, Azu-nyan’s gonna be the only one left in the club next year.
Ritsu: She’s spouting serious words with a slacker pose.
Mio: I hadn’t thought of that.
Ritsu: Still, that means you’re a total lock for club’s president next year. Sorta like this.
(fanfare)
Azusa: I- I couldn’t care less about that.
Ritsu: She thought about it.
Mio: Just for a second.
Azusa: Anyway, let’s get to work on scouting new members right away.
Mugi: She dodged it.
Yui: She panicked and changed the subject. Oh, I forgot. I made some recruiting fliers for us.
Others: No way!



Yui: Here.
Ritsu: Join the light music club!
Azusa: Why am I a pig?
Yui: You complete the light music club sandwich.
Azusa: Sorry, I don’t get it.
Yui: We’re a club, and “club sandwiches” have bacon in ‘em. Get it?
Azusa: Fine. Whatever. Let’s just hand out these fliers.
Everyone: Join the light music club!
Mugi: No one is coming.
Ritsu: At this rate the club will be disbanded next year.
Yui: Azu-nyan’s gonna be all alone.
(Mio’s imagination)


Yui: Huh? What is it? We can’t let that happen.
Mugi: I agree, Yui. We can’t.
Yui, Mugi and Azusa: President.
Ritsu: Right! And having more members means more money in the treasury.
Yui: Bunny, bunny!
Ritsu: Yeah, Operation Capture New Members is now underway.

Random girl: So anyway…

Random girl: Ah… hey, are you okay?

Random girls: Is anyone here?
(door opens)
Mio: Yes?
Random girls: Are you alright? We’re here for you. Hang in there.

Mugi: Would you like some tea?
Yui: Sign right here and you can join us.

Mugi: We have cookies.
(door slamming)
Ritsu: My collapse-in-the-hallway plan failed.
Yui: No, Rit-chan. You shouldn’t give up so soon.


Ritsu: An accent?
Azusa: What’s she doing?
Ritsu: Oh, I think she’s getting directions from them.
Azusa: I guess that’s only natural.
Ritsu: How dumb is she.
Yui: Huh.


Azusa: So the basic idea here is to join the club ourselves and see how they get new members to sign up.
Captain: Softness overcomes hardness. Judo is the art of mastering techniques in order to hone the spirit.
Members: Right!
Ritsu: Oh I see. So they use pep talks. Hm?

Ritsu and Azusa: Huh! The hunter becomes the prey.

Go club: Go is a microcosm of the universe.
Azusa, Yui and Ritsu: Ohh!

Tea club: Be my guests.

Yui: Eek. Urgh. Rit-chan, it’s so bitter.

Yui: All those clubs are really neat, huh?
Ritsu: Yeah.
Yui: Oh, wanna take a peek in here? (door screeching) Is anybody home? (wind howling)
Ritsu: Greetings.

Ritsu: It says the sweat of youth.
Azusa: Ah, this one has a special bonus for joining.
(Door opens)
Everyone: Welcome to the club!
Ritsu: Geez, it’s you guys?
Mugi: We’ve been handing out fliers. Meow!
Mio: How did it go on your end?
Ritsu: We didn’t have much luck. You guys went out dressed like that?
Azusa: You’re very devoted.
(Door opens)
Everyone: Welcome to the club!
Ritsu: It’s just Sawa-chan.
Sawako: Real nice. I was wondering, what are you gonna wear for your performance tomorrow?
Others: Our uniforms are fine.
Sawako: I made mini-skirt maid...
Mio: Uniforms!
Sawako: But they’re cute.
(Door opens)
Everyone: Welcome to the club!
Ritsu: Oh, it’s just Nodoka.
Nodoka: Oh, are you doing costume fittings? Look, about your live performance tomorrow.

(upbeat music/birds chirping)

Mio: So, does this look okay for our setlist?
Ritsu: Let’s have a look.
Mugi: Have a look.
Ritsu: Hmm… Looks good. Mugi, when we do this song, could you have a little…
Yui: The first time Azu-nyan heard us play was the moment that she decided that she wanted to join the club, wasn’t it? I’m sure that there’ll be more people this year who feel the same way that Azu-nyan did. I hope… There should be. There will be! Probably…
Ritsu: What are you doing over there, Yui?
Yui: Ehehehe.
Azusa: Oh, it’s almost time for us to go on.
Ritsu: Awesome. Let’s rock this show, people.
Everyone: Yeah!
Yui: (feedback) Testing, testing. (mic tappings) To all you new students, congratulations on starting school. Welcome, all of you!
(drums playing/clapping)
Sawako: Oh man, they would’ve looked great. (Super cute!)
Yui: We’re the light music club and our band is club After School Teatime. And we all have tea and stuff every day. It’s a whole lot of fun playing music together. If you’re interested, join the light music club.
(clapping)
 Hurry, hurry!
 Have they already started?
 Did we miss them?
(music ends/clapping)

(water gulping)
Ritsu: Ahh, that was great. Our show this year was awesome.
Mio: Azusa and Yui. Your guitar work was in perfect sync today.
Azusa: Wow, you really think so?
Mugi: Yes, but Yui burned up all of her energy and [just] conked out over there.

Azusa: You can’t rest now, senpai. We have to go hand out fliers.


Azusa: No one is coming.
Mio: Well, there’s still plenty of time.
Azusa: Yea, I guess you’re right.
Mugi: Are you going to hand out fliers?
Azusa: No, the restroom.
Ritsu: You wanna go out and hand out fliers again?
Yui: It’s really strange that no one has come to check us out. I even made the clubroom more inviting.



Ui: Ah, Azusa-chan.
Jun: Real good work.

Jun: You still don’t have any new club members?
Azusa: Is our club really that unpopular?
Ui: I don’t think that’s why.
Jun: Yeah, you were great during your show.
Ui: I heard a whole bunch of new students saying so.
Jun: It probably seems like the light music club is so tightly knit that it’s hard for anyone else to break into it.
Azusa: Oh, you really think so?
Ui: Well yeah, you guys seem like you’re such good friends.
Azusa: Yeah.
Jun: Either that or they’ve gotten wind of how weird you guys are.
Ui: How can you say that?
Jun: I’m kidding. Wow, that omelet looks terrific, Ui.
Ui: Want some?
Jun: Thanks.

Mio: Looks like we’re not getting any new members today.
Ritsu: Guess not.
Mugi: I wonder why.
Ritsu: Geez, is everybody mad at us or something?
Mio: That can’t be it.
Mugi: I’m sure that things will work out. I mean they have to, right?
Ritsu: Let’s come up with our next plan of action.
Mugi: Yeah.
Ritsu: Operation Bug-Catcher.
Mio: Operation what?
Ritsu: Yeah. We use big butterfly nets to catch freshmen.
Mio: C’mon, Ritsu. No one’s gonna fall for that.
Yui: Actually, I’m fine with the way things are for now.
Others: Huh?
Yui: For now, I want things to stay the way they are. You know, hanging out in the clubroom together like this. Well, Azu-nyan isn’t here now, but drinking tea, practicing and performing together. Always the five of us.
Ritsu: I guess you’re right. We’ll worry about next year next year.
Sawako: That’s fine, but a year flies by fast, you guys.
Yui: Huh? But that’s 365 whole days. Well, a few days have passed already. So Mugi-chan, what’s on the menu today?
Mugi: Help yourselves.
Yui: Which flavor do you guys want?
Ritsu: I can’t decide.
Yui: Oh, I think Azu-nyan will want the banana cream one. Let’s set that one aside for her.
Ritsu: Fine. I’ll get the orange one then.
Sawako: I’ll take the chestnut.
Yui: I call dibs on the chocolate.
Mugi: Vanilla for me.
Mio: I’ll get the strawberry then.
Yui: Wow, these look so good. (takes a bite)
 (door suddenly opens)
 (spits) Ah, Sorry, Azu-nyan, we’ll go hand out fliers right away.
Azusa: Mugi-senpai, could I have a cup of milk tea, please? Oh, and also that banana cake. I’ve decided that this year I wanna keep on playing with just the five of us.
Yui: Azu-nyan. Ha… Azu-nyan!
Azusa: Yui-senpai. I’m gonna be even harder on you this year. Understand?
Yui: Huh?
Azusa: Come on, take out your guitar.
Yui: Eh. Changed my mind. New club members. Come on!

(ending theme song “Listen!!”)

Mio: For those reasons, we’re gonna do some spring cleaning.
Yui: Hey guys, look at what I found.
RItsu: Oh that case looks expensive. What sort of treasure do you think lies within? Oh.
Mugi: This makes it super easy to bind up old magazines.
Azusa: But are you sure it’s okay for us to split it up among ourselves?
Ritsu: Well, what else can we do? Sawa-chan said that we should just put it in the club fund.
Yui: Bunny, bunny.
Ritsu: Geez, it looks like all of the other school clubs have their new members and are getting down to work.

(credits)
