
Mio:Let’s see.. This is squared so that makes x.. hm?Hello, it’s Mio. What is it?

Ritsu:[Chuckes] Wow, you picked up! Mio, where are you right now?

Mio:I’m at home. Why?

Ritsu:I’m at the station right now. Wanna go out and do something?

Mio:Well, I still have an awful lot of prep work left to do, and summer class starts tomorrow.

Ritsu:Come’on! You can do that tonight!

Mio:

Ritsu:[Cries] Which is more important!? Me or getting a job! 

Mio:Whatever Ritsu, see ya.For crying out loud, does Ritsu ever do any studying at all?Ritsu again? Hello Ritsu.

Ritsu:[Panting] My little missy, what kind of panties are you wearing?

Mio:Geeez!! Leave me alone!!!

Ritsu:[chuckles] Okay, I did the obvious gag and now I’m outta tricks. So, what do I do now?Yui said that she was busy studying with Nodoka. Hm? Mugi. I wonder where she’s going. I'll sneak up on her. Huh?

Tsumugi:WAH!

Ritsu:Whaaaaa! 

Tsumugi:I noticed you standing back here, so I thought it would be fun to sneak up on you.

Ritsu:You stole my idea.

Tsumugi:It certainly is odd to run into each other here.

Ritsu:It sure is. So where were you heading when you saw me.

Tsumugi:Summer classes start tomorrow, right? I wanted to get my shopping out of the way before then.

Ritsu:Oh, right. I was going to ask you if you had some free time and wanted to hang out a little while today.

Tsumugi:Whoa. 

Ritsu:Ah, what’s up?

Tsumugi:Stand right there and don't move a muscle.

Ritsu:Wouldn't dream of it.

Tsumugi:Hello, this is Tsumugi. Would you mind if I postponed today's shopping for another time? Yes of course, thank you very much! I have all the time in the world!

Ritsu:Do tell..

——OP------

Yui:Previously on k-on! Mugi-chan’s eyebrows are takuan pickles! They’re tasty! Mugi-chan, I need another pickle. 

Ritsu:Don't hog them all to yourself, I want one two!

Yui&Ritsu:Whoa! So tasty! 

Yui:Mugi-chan?

Tsumugi:When both of my eyebrows are flipped from my face at the same time, I very quickly revert to gel form. 

Yui, Ritsu:Gel?

Tsumugi:They have to be replaced with other pickles right now… 

Yui:Mugi-chan!

Ritsu:Yui, you gotta buy some pickles! 

Yui:But where am I supposed to buy takuan pickles here!

Ritsu:We’ll just have to slap something on there and hope for the best!

Tsumugi:I’m all better. 

Ritsu:Protractors work too!?

Yui:Try something triangular..Where did this blanket come from?

Nodoka:You’ll catch a cold sleeping in the clothes like that. 

Yui:I was studying, you should have woken me up in stead!

Nodoka:Sorry for worrying about you. 

---------

Ritsu:So, where should we go?

Tsumugi:I leave it up to you.

Ritsu:Wow, you're downright beaming.

Tsumugi:

Ritsu:

Tsumugi:A game centre?

Ritsu:What? You’re not interested?

Tsumugi:Um-m! It’s no that! I wanna go very badly! When all of us went to one together that time, it was incredibly fun! 

Ritsu:[chuckles] I know, right? Good, it’s all settled. We’ll go there first!

Tsumugi:Whooaa. A game centre…!!

Ritsu:You get impressed with the littlest things.

Tsumugi:What's this contraption over here that looks like a shandellier!?

Ritsu:A coin game, I guess.

Tsumugi:Whoa. And this thing with the steering ring and pedals?

Ritsu:A racing game?

Tsumugi:What in the world is this fishing poles doing indoors! 

Ritsu:It’s a fishing game.

Tsumugi:Which one should we play, Ritchan!? Every one of them looks like so much fun I really don’t know which one I should try first! 

Ritsu:Take a breath. Well let’s see. For starters, I’d..

Tsumugi:Ah! Let’s try this one!

Ritsu:Ha! Hmmm..ughh [cries]

Tsumugi:Let me give it a try.I have avenged your honour, Ritchan!

Ritsu:Er.. Thank you?

Tsumugi:I’d love to have this stuffed animal!

Ritsu:Okay, first you press this button right over here. 

Tsumugi:Okay. Click. Aw.

Ritsu:Almost. Let me take this.

Tsumugi:Wow! Ritchan you are amazing! 

Ritsu:What did you expect?Phew, it was a lucky.

Right, we got our pictures, now to add some effects.We add this here and then..

Tsumugi:Oh, what’s this! 

Ritsu:[laughs] Check this one out! We can even do this! Oscar!

Tsumugi:I use this one on here. This effect looks surprisingly good on you.

Ritsu:What am I, an old teaser?I’ll try this one on you, Mugi.

Tsumugi:Ah! I’m a pig! 

---------

Yui:[humming] Oh, yours looks really good too, Nodoka!

Nodoka:Does it? 

Yui:Why don't we trade bites!

Nodoka:Oh, that’s alright. Yours looks more expensive than mine. 

Yui:Don’t worry about it, I just wanna try yours. 

Nodoka:Really? Well then.

Yui:Nodoka-chan, you...

-----------

Tsumugi:Oh, that was fun.

Ritsu:

Tsumugi:I might well be dead over happiness overdose tomorrow.

Ritsu:That’s not okay.We did burn through an awful lot of money though, which means our next stop will have to be kind of cheap. A dagashi candy store?

Tsumugi:A dagashi store.. Oh, Ritchan.

Ritsu:Huh?

Tsumugi:Kitos spasivas gracias!

Ritsu:Where the heck are you from?

Tsumugi:Oh, this is the dagashi store?

Ritsu:Yeah. Most of the items here are 20 or 30 cents. You can buy all you want without worrying too much about your wallet. 

Tsumugi:Oh really? Even this?

Ritsu:Even that.

Tsumugi:Even these things with little tiny skewers?

Ritsu:Yup.

Tsumugi:Even this tasty-looking fried things?

Ritsu:Yup.

Tsumugi:Even this huge sembei cracker?

Ritsu:Yeah..

Tsumugi:Wow, that’s amazing! Is this the result of the price crush that everyone talks about!?

Ritsu:No, I don’t think so..

There are a bunch of different tricks when it comes to eating dagashi stuff.For instance, to open a fugashi, you do this! 

Tsumugi:Oh, wow.

Ritsu:And when you wanna drink one of these babies, you do this and..

Tsumugi:Why do you do that?

Ritsu:You can only take a little sips from this end, so it lasts longer.

Tsumugi:Wow that’s amazing.Now, what’s this? Ah! What would I do?

Ritsu:With these, you swirl them and mush them together, and then you eat them. Go on. Try it.See?

Tsumugi:Hm.

---------

Azusa:The strawberry on your cake?

Yui:She stole it! Just like that!

Azusa:I don't get what the problem is here.

Yui:It’s not right! Who does stuff like that! Huh!? How could you not know!

NodokaOh, come on, it wasn’t all that stranger thing to do. And I would feel bad taking a piece of the cake itself.

Yui:But taking the strawberry off the cake is like taking its clown! Or even its heart! Or its very soul! 

Nodoka:I'm sure it's only that way to you.

Yui:No! it’s that way to the whole world!! 

Ui:Is that my sister?

Nodoka:Alright, fine. Here. You can have the chestnut off my cake. That should make us even, right?

Yui:NOooooo! Azunyan! This is weird, right!? Nodoka-chan is wrong about this, isn’t she!?

--------

Tsumugi:Oh. I had so much fun today.

Ritsu:I’m glad to hear it.

Tsumugi:You know so many places that I never dreamed existed! It's absolutely amazing, Ritchan!

Ritsu:[chuckles] More. Praise me more.

Tsumugi:I got this for only 5 dollers. And I was able to feel full for just one doller. You’re master of having fun without spending a lot of money.

Ritsu:

Tsumugi:It is? 

Ritsu:Pretty much. To tell you the truth. There was this time last month when...

Mio:What? Again? So how much are you short?

Ritsu:Really you lend me some money!? In that case, can I buy these drum sticks!? This new sheet music!? And this CD just came in!? Oh can I, can I please!?

And then out of the blue, that mean old Mio smacked me upside the head for no reason.

Tsumugi:She smacked you? Hmm.

Ritsu:Ah.. is something the matter?

Tsumugi:Actually, there are some favour that I like to ask you.

Ritsu:If it’s money you need, I’m broke.

Tsumugi:I know.

Ritsu:Ehehe, he..

Tsumugi:No! I didn’t mean it like that!It's just something that I've been yearning for for ages now.

Ritsu:Been yearning for?

Tsumugi:The thing is.. I’d like you, to whack me on the head!!

Ritsu:Eh… You what?

—— SIDE B -----

Ui:Sis, it’s almost time!Summer classes start today, you remember? You need to get up!Oh, I’m sorry. You’re all ready yet.

Yui:Yep.It’s been a while since I had to get up early, and I accidentally set my alarm an hour early.

--------

Mio:I wore my uniform out of force of habit. What am I gonna do..

Yui:Oh! You’re in uniform! Oh no, We’re supposed to wear our uniform, weren't we?

Mio:Well, doesn’t it make sense to wear school uniform to a place like this?

Yui:What? Really? I didn’t know.

Ritsu:Good morning! Wow, you're early for once in your life. 

Yui:Ritchan, what are we gonna do? It sounds like we were supposed to wear school uniform to summer classes!

Ritsu:Huh? No, of course we are not. Look around.

Yui:Wow, you’re right.

Ritsu:Actually, I’d say it’s the people in uniform who are in distinct minority. Oh my gosh, what if Mio is the only one!? Oh! See that girl there? She’s the only one here who’s wearing uniform [teases].

Mio:Quiet! It says we can wear whatever we want, so it’s really no big deal!

Tsumugi:Good morning.

All:Hum?

Tsumugi:It took ages to get changed this morning.

All:G-good morning.

YuiWow, Mugi-chan looks like she’s going to the beach. Wait! Is everyone going to the beach after the class?

Mio:That isn’t on the schedule.

Tsumugi:Let's hurry in, shall we?

Mio:Hey Mugi.

Tsumugi:Yes?

Mio:You left the tag on your dress. And with this outfit, wouldn’t going without socks look whole lot better than this?

Tsumugi.Hmm.

Ritsu:Hh! Don’t tell me she..

Tsumugi:I’d like you to whack me on the head!

Ritsu:Erm, you know, it really hurts..

Tsumugi:I want you to do it to me anyway!

Ritsu:If you are that dead set on it, I guess I can do it.

Tsumugi:You can?

Ritsu:Just a little tough, okay?

Tsumugi:Whenever you’re ready!

Ritsu:You’re not being watched by security detail, are you?

Tsumugi:No, there aren’t any. Don’t worry.

Ritsu:Then here goes.

Tsumugi:Ready.

Ritsu:Uh, erm.. Maybe I’ll go with.. chop?

Tsumugi:Do it as hard as you like!

Ritsu:Er.. whack..?I can’t do it! Forget it.

Tsumugi:Huh?

Ritsu:It doesn’t work if someone asks you to. It has to be spontaneous, okay?

Tsumugi:Spontaneous?

Ritsu:Yeah! I can’t whack you in the head if you haven’t done anything wrong. But if you were to do something incredibly dipsy, I’ll smack you out right in the head.

Tsumugi:Dipsy, huh?

Yui:Right? Nodokachan was crazy to do that, right?? When you offer somebody a bite of your cake, they don’t eat the strawberry on the top.

Ritsu:Mugi couldn’t possibly be trying to..?

Mio:Are you sure she's not just messing with you?I remember one time when Ritsu ate a strawberry on my cake and I whacked her, so I can understand how you feel but still..

Tsumugi:Hmm.

Yui:Nodoka-chan ate it! This is..

Ritsu:No doubt about it.

Mio:I guess we should look though the study guide first.

Yui:I wonder if there’s any books...

Ritsu:Mugi, come here!I knew it, you’re trying to be a class clown.

Tsumugi:Did I do it wrong?I thought that this would be the least appropreate outfits to wear for summer classes.

Ritsu:I'm afraid it's just too vague and uncommitted to really work. For a gag like that to be effective, it has to be totally in your face.

Tsumugi:Sure is hot today, Mio-chan.

Mio:Of course it is.

Tsumugi:I see.

Ritsu:Hey! Don’t take notes!? Are you really eager to get whack upside the head, Mugi?

Tsumugi:Uh-huh.You and Mio-chan always express affection in intimate physical ways.So do Yui-chan and Azusa-chan. I’m the only one who doesn’t have that kind of intimate bond! Though I love being physically intimate! 

Ritsu:Uh, don’t you think you’re obsessing a little here?Hm, alright Mugi, if you really are that determined, I'll help you out.

Tsumugi:You mean it!?

Ritsu:Now the key is the total lack of shame! Once you start a gag, you committ and see a xx to the bitter end, understood!?

Tsumugi:Yes, ma’am!

Mio:I have to say, I’m kind of surprised that You and Ritsu decided to go to college. 

Yui:Erm, Sawa-chan told us that it was way too late to start job hunting, so we might as well try.

Mio:It’s also a little late to begin studying for college entrance exams..

Yui:Woo, headbands! 

Ritsu:Ready?

Tsumugi:Hm! 

Ritsu:Mio!I will pass my exam for sure.

Mio:Quit goofing around!

Tsumugi:So will I, Mio-chan.

Mio:Hm? Mugi, those are great on you.

Ritsu:Huh!? Why in the world would you put on normal glasses.

Yui:It’s so blazingly bright in here I can’t read anything! 

Ritsu:You, look really close. If you squint real hard out, the words will suddenly pop out from the passages when you see it! 

Yui:I saw! I saw it, it was letter A!!

Mio:You did not!

Tsumugi:I can see it too, judging from the context surrounding this passage the answer is, A.

Mio:Nicely done.

Ritsu:Ah! Why did you see it so properly! 

Tsumugi:Sorry I couldn’t help myself! 

----------------

A staff:Your ID card is ready, miss.

Mio:I wish I'd brought more flattering picture with me. This one looks terrible.

Ritsu:Ha! Well mine turned out pretty good. I’m rather shy and reserved to see. 

Mio:This is not a place for goofing off!

Tsumugi:Here is mine.

Ritsu:Yes! That should work!

Mio:Um? oh I get it, you two just put stickers over the picture. Your eyes are half closed.

Ritsu:What the fuck were you thinking, the normal one was funnier!!

Tsumugi:It was?

Yui:Look, look!

Mio:Your sister?

Yui:He he, I kind of submitted her picture by mistake.

Ritsu:Wow, you know you just can’t beat fresh ditz.

Tsumugi:Hmm.I tried, I tried so hard I don’t get it!

Ritsu:I know you're trying your hardest, but it's gonna be a lot harder than thought it would be to get you whacked in the head. And it'll take a lot to get Mio to whack YOU of all people.

Tsumugi:May even be impossible.Mio:Oh, look there they are.

Yui:You’re right! Thanks for waiting for me.

Ritsu:Sure.

Mio:Come on, let’s go home.You do remember that tomorrow is the school day, right?

Yui:Of course I remember. It’ll so great to everybody in class again.

Mio:It sure will.

Azusa:

Mio:Rock paper scissors?

Azusa:Oh come on, no way! I’m terrible at that stupid game.

Yui:All right, then let’s settle it with the old-fashioned way.

Azusa:

Ritsu:OH! Okay, the winner gets the cake and loser gets a forehead flick from everyone here in the room.

Mio:A forehead flick?

Yui:Oh yeah, let’s do it!

RItsu:Throw the game, if you lose, you’ll get smacked fore sure! 

Tsumugi:I got it!

Ritsu:Okay, let's start. I'll get it going. Ready? Five! 

Yui:Ready, set.. uh, three?

Azusa:Ready, seven!

Mio:Ready, one! 

Tsumugi:Ready, two! Aha! Uh...

Ritsu:[cries] 

Mio:Who loses at the game they suggested?

Yui:I’m so jealous, Mugi-chan.

Mio:

Yui:Yeah, I finally get to eat my strawberry so I won't even put up a fight this time.

Tsumugi:Huh.. 

Mio:I remember when Ritsu eat a strawberry on my cake and I whacked her, so I can understand how you feel.

Tsumugi:Hm! 

Yui:Ah...

Mio:[sobs]

Yui:Nodoka-chan!

NodokaHm? What on earth is the matter?

Yui:Just look at her! She had her strawberry stolen and she’s heartbroken! She’s in tears!! You see? That’s how important the strawberry is, Nodoka-chan!

Nodoka:I apologise for hurting your feelings then. 

Yui:Oh, you finally understand, Nodoka-chan..

Tsumugi:Mio-chan, I’m so sorry.



Mio:You want to be hit?

Tsumugi:I’m sorry. I know how silly it sounds.

Ritsu:No way. This is all Mio’s fault for not reacting to any of your gags.

Mio:What, it is not! You really should have just said something to me about this in the first place. You just wanna love to have, right?

Tsumugi:Wow, you’ll do it?

Mio:

Tsumugi:Kiitos, Mio-chan!

Ritsu:Seriously, where are you from?

Tsumugi:Okay, whenever you’re ready!

Mio:You are one strange girl. Mm..

Azusa:Wow, she’s really tense, isn’t she?

Ritsu:Why'd you hit ME!?

Ritsu:[sighs] I guess nothing worked. I’m really sorry.

Azusa:No. I should be the one apologising to you. I mean it was a very odd request I made. 

Ritsu:If you just wanna be bonked on your head, there are to be another way to get it done. For instance..

Tsumugi:

Ritsu:Really?

Tsumugi:Oh, dear. You have a welt on your forehead. You know, you really make an excellent escort, Ritchan.

Ritsu:Er..

Tsumugi:You’re so sweet and I know that you would do just about anything to help a friend. If you are a boy, the girls would all be lining up for you.

Ritsu:Huh!? Umm.. How am I supposed to respond to that!?

Tsumugi:Ah! 

Ritsu:Hm, yeah. Sorry about that. Well, you remember when I called you and asked you if wanted to hang out that day? I ran into Mugi after that and.. Huh? Where did we go? Candy store and Game centre, and that kind of thing. Mugis was totally into everything like a little kid.Admittedly she’s always like that. And then she was like,"I wanna be whacked on the head!” Can you believe it? That kind of thing has to be spontaneous, you know? So I.. oops, Mio, are you there? Why aren’t you talking to me? Are you mad at me? 

Mio:Why? 

Ritsu:Um?

Mio:Why didn’t you invite me to come along with you two that day! I wanted to hung out with Mugi too!

Ritsu:I DID invite you. 
