
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h2&gt; 


 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:2:&lt;h3&gt; 






Chief: Listen up! Our target has an unidentified weapon with a two-meter effective lethal range. ( SUB : Our target has an unidentified weapon with a two meter radius. )



( Bando is sarcastic in his questioning )



Bando: Right. ( SUB : Man... )

Chief: The police have already scrambled. They're searching the city now. Once we receive her location, we'll immediately head to the site. ( SUB : The police are already working on searching the city. Once we receive the information, we'll immediately head to the site. )



Chief: Bando!

Bando: Later, Chief! ( SUB : That's stupid. )



Chief: What are you doing? ( SUB : What're you doing? )

Bando: If this target is so dangerous we can shoot without warning, well then, looks like it's hunt or be hunted. I know how it goes! Drop me off already. ( SUB : This target is someone we can shoot without warning, right? Then it's hunt or be hunted : It's one or the other! Hurry up and drop me off! )



TITLE AND INTRO SEQUENCE

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:4:&lt;h3&gt; 









( SUB : Since you looked sad she might have thought the seashell was bad. )

( Rising, he stares at the Grandfather Clock ; he is in his slippers, but prepares to join Yuka in the search for Nyu. )



( Kouta hears a knock at the door ; He assumes it is someone he knows, perhaps Yuka )


( SUB : What're you doing? It's not locked. )
( Outside are two dour-looking men in overcoats ; One of them immediately pokes his head in. )



( SUB : I thought this was a vacant house. )



( SUB : I moved in here today. Excuse me, but... )

( The shorter and older of the two flashes a badge ; The larger and younger one speaks first. )



Detective A : If you'll cooperate for a minute, we need your help with our investigation.

( SUB : We'd like you to take a moment to cooperate with our investigation. )

( There is an element of good/bad cop already evident in their demeanor ; they are practiced partners, and to them most of this is utterly routine ; the youth of the larger one counters this somewhat )



( SUB : Did something happen? )

( Kouta seems a bit surprised by all this ; the look of an already-draining eventful day is showing on his face. )

Detective A : You seen a girl around? She looks like this.

( SUB : Have you seen a girl like this? ) 

( Kouta sees a picture of Nyu, though this is obviously Lucy from her looks and demeanor ; The origin and setting of the photo is uncertain ; it looks recent ; If Kouta notes how different she looks, he shows no sign of this beyond recognition of her face ; the police for their part do not seem to catch this recognition. )



( SUB : Did she do something? )

( Kouta's question receives a pushback response ; The larger younger detective gets agitated ; whether this is part of their routine is uncertain. )

Detective B: Hey! Why don't you leave the questioning to us? So have you seen her? Or haven't you?

( SUB : Hey! We're the ones asking the questions! Have you seen her or not? )

( The older detective waves his partner off, perhaps sincerely, perhaps routinely. )

Detective A: It's all right! She's just a missing person, after all.

( SUB : Cool it. She's just a missing person. )

( Kouta now feigns indifference/confusion ; whether it fools the police is uncertain. )



( SUB : Missing? I don't know her. )

( Whatever their thoughts on Kouta's veracity, the older lead detective seems to accept this calmly. )

Detective A: I see. If you happen to run into her, would you please contact the police? Thanks for your help. Let's go.

( SUB : I see. If you see her, could you contact the police? Thanks. Let's go. )

Detective B: Right.

( SUB : Okay. )





( SUB : Oh. I didn't lock the door. )

( What he chooses on this is not shown. )
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:6:&lt;h3&gt; 
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:8:&lt;h3&gt; 





( SUB : This is Satou from Bando Group. We've arrived Yuighama. We'll continue the search. (To Bando) We're only authorized to search the coastlines. Please don't go to where people are around. )

( Trash is strewn about the beach, almost as much a feature as the driftwood. The soldiers are seen as in profile against the waves, the concrete wall between the boardwalk above and the beach always visible )



Satou: They said that she uses some kind of special weapon, but what do you think it is? How am I supposed to defend myself, if it's a weapon we don't know anything about?

( SUB : They said that our enemy carries a special weapon, but what do you think it is? I don't know how to handle it if it's a weapon we don't know anything about. )

( Bando turns on Satou with a fury )

Bando: Shut up! Would it kill you to shut your damn mouth? If you don't quit whining, you'll be the first casualty.

( SUB : Shut up! Can't you keep your mouth shut for awhile? If you keep whining, I'll take you out first. )

( Nervous, and his chatter instantly stopped, Satou notes something ahead of them )

Satou: Uh, Bando?

( SUB : Leader! )

( He gestures behind Bando )

Bando: Huh?

( Bando sees and then licks his chops at the sight of Nyu digging through the surf on all fours )

Bando: Bin-go.

( SUB : Bingo! )

( Nyu finds something in the surf and is pleased by it, a small smile forming )



( Nyu hears something and turns around )

Nyu: Nyu?





( SUB : Excuse me...There's someone who's lost, and... )

( They only take partial notice of her entrance and keep talking till they slowly realize this may be part of their search for Lucy )

( Back at the beachfront, the one who walked up on Nyu is revealed to be Kouta, at first seen standing over her near the water; he kneels down and covers them both with his umbrella )



( SUB : What're you doing in a place like this? )

( His anger is gone, his face all concern for Nyu; he sees her trembling, and falling forward almost as though to pray )

Kouta: Oh, you're shivering. We can't fix things here. Let's go.

( SUB : Geez...You're shivering. What'll I do with you? Here. )

( We see she is holding something in one of her hands ; Kouta does not )

Nyu: Nyu?

Kouta: Come on, get up.

( SUB : Now stand up. Can you get up? )

( Nyu is almost crying ; Kouta holds her hand tp help her up; but as he gets up, he is struck in the back of his head with the butt of a rifle )

Nyu: Nyu! Nyu! Nyu!

( We see a uniformed lower torso as Nyu checks on Kouta, who is painfully clutching the back of his head while lying in the sand ; He is Nyu's only concern )



( Bando grabs at Nyu's head and both soldiers are plainly stunned by what he finds )

Bando: Whoa. Horns, just like they said! She's got 'em growing out of her skull.

( SUB : Oh, yeah, they're sticking out. The horns are sticking out from her head. )

( Satou shows fear, even through his face cover )

Satou: You probably shouldn't get too close.

( Bando is dismissive, bordering on contempt, not even looking at him this time )

Bando: I told you already to shut up!

( SUB : Shut up! Keep quiet! )

( Kouta wakes, and looks with anger at his attackers )

Kouta: What? Hey! Who are you guys?

( SUB : What're you guys? )

( Satou draws his weapon as Kouta sits up partway, looking confused ; Bando looks back to Satou )

Bando: Let's see. They gave us the green light to kill any witnesses. Right, Satou?

( SUB : Let's see now. It was okay to kill witnesses too, right, Satou? )

( Satou's eyes show this isn't the case )

Satou: Uh, no… those weren't the orders. We'd have to call HQ.

( SUB : No, we don't have any orders like that. We should contact Headquarters first. )

Kouta: What, "kill"? What do you mean, "kill"?

( SUB : What do you mean, kill? )



Bando: Isn't it obvious, dumbass? The word "kill" means I pull the trigger. The gun goes off and your brains splatter all over the sand. The beach gets bloody and you get dead.

( SUB : You don't understand, dumbass? Kill means I pull the trigger like this. And then, your brains splatter all over and you'll die. )

( Quickly, Kouta rises, seizing a confused Nyu's hand as they dash off )

Kouta: Nyu! Run!

( SUB : Nyu, run! )

( As Satou seems to be trying to contact HQ, Bando calmly squeezes his trigger, firing near the feet of the fleeing pair; Satou looks up from his call. )



( They stop suddenly, both looking very much afraid. The pair turn back to look at Bando, with Nyu looking to Kouta for guidance. A first-person POV sees Bando walking towards and bearing down on Kouta and Nyu; A stair-well/ramp up to the boardwalk is only inches behind them, but it may as well not be there. )

Bando: I'm on a hunt, and your girlfriend's my prey.

( SUB : She's my prey. )

( Kouta is plainly fearful and Nyu even more so; Bando aims his gun point-blank at Kouta )

Bando: Now get out of my way!

( SUB : Stay outta my way! )

( Bando kicks Kouta, who goes down hard )

Nyu: Nyu! Nyu!

( Nyu mewls and begins to weep over Kouta )

Bando: Well, well. This has been a little too easy. Let's make it fun. How 'bout it?

( SUB : Well, you're gonna let me have some fun, right? )

( Bando puts his gun in Nyu's face; she is confused and afraid but uncomprehending of anything beyond this )

( Back at the train station's police substation, Yuka is speaking to the uniformed officer. )

Police officer: Missing? How old is she?

( SUB : A missing person? Around what age? )

( The two detectives are on the phone and only partly notice her; the conversation is about their search )

Yuka: Um, well…

( SUB : Well... )

( Yuka begins to remember Nyu breaking the shell )

Detective B: Yes. Right. Understood.

( SUB : Yes. Yes. Understood. )

( Just as they finish, Yuka makes her realization. )

Yuka: Oh yeah. Never mind.

( SUB : Oh, yeah. )

( Between the two detectives and Yuka, the uniformed officer has divided attention )

Police officer: Hmm?

( Leaving just prior to giving a description of Nyu, Yuka's inquiry never really catches the full attention of the detectives )

Yuka: I think I just figured out where she is. Sorry for bothering you!

( SUB : Oh, well. I just remembered someplace where she's likely to be. Sorry for bothering you. )

( The uniformed officer turns back to the detectives )

Police officer: Sorry, you were telling me something before I stepped out?

( SUB : Sorry that I had to step out during the conversation. )



Detective A: Oh, that's all right. We're just having a little trouble with a missing person.

( SUB : No, that's all right. Our missing person seems to be pretty troublesome, though. )

( Detective B leans in and whispers to Detective A )

Detective B: The Special Assault Teams are searching the coastline without our approval. Those SAT jerks! What in the hell could they be thinking?

( SUB : I was told the SAT's searching the coastlines without asking us. Geez, I don't get what they're thinking. )



( SUB : I don't want them to act too conspicuously. (To Uniformed Officer) Well, then, I'm counting on you. )

( The police officer bows as his visitors finally leave )

Police officer: Yes, sir!

( Police Officer looks over at the desk ) 

Police officer: A vicious murderer. And she looks like that?

( SUB : A vicious murderer. A girl like this, huh? )

( By the phone/fax, the picture of Nyu/Lucy sits on the desk, with Yuka never having glimpsed nor seen it. )

( Yuka walks in the rain, her eyes closing and then looking around as she dashes down a colorful tiled path running parallel to the beach area; Seeing something, she dashes down the ramp/stairwell, running to the fallen Kouta, tossing aside her umbrella. )



( SUB : Kouta! Kouta! Come on, Kouta! )

( Deeply concerned, she gets down on her knees as she looks him over. )

Yuka: Kouta, what happened? I'll go call an ambulance!

( SUB : What? What happened? Oh, I'll call an ambulance right away! )

( Kouta rouses briefly, still in obvious pain. ) 

Kouta: Nyu! Where's Nyu?

( Yuka goes off to call an ambulance; Kouta rouses once again ; Yuka scans the empty beach as though to ascertain what happened; As he falls away again, she once more goes to his side ) 

Yuka: Kouta! You'll be OK! Kouta!

( SUB : Kouta! Hang in there! Kouta! )

( Cut to a view of her umbrella in the sand ; Red flashes and sirens are heard and seen as far away as the makeshift shelter the young girl and her dog were in. ) 
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:10:&lt;h3&gt; 
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:12:&lt;h3&gt; 

( The soldiers are moving; Bando is dragging a crying Nyu by one of her feet while she is on her back ; she is holding onto Kouta's umbrella for dear life ; Satou looks down at her, and then at Bando. )



( SUB : It may be the wrong person. She seems too different from the person in the report. Leader! )

( Never turning around, Bando looks annoyed to even acknowledge, let alone answer him. )



( SUB : Have you seen any Human with horns sticking out besides her? ) . )

Satou: Sure, but…

( SUB : But... )

( Keeping a pace behind, Satou picks up and uses his call equipment )

Satou: This is Bando Team, over. We've apprehended a female matching the suspect's description. We're located at Yuigahama.

( SUB : This is Satou at Bando Group. We captured someone who appears to be Lucy. We're at Yuighama... )

( Bando turns, rears up his gun-butt, strikes Satou and then crushes his walkie-talkie. )

Bando: Don't try to undermine me! I'm just having a little fun here.

( SUB : Don't do anything without my orders! Now, the fun begins. )

( They are seen through the beach netting on a nearby fence ; Bando holds Nyu, who is still uncomprehending, up by her hair while shoving his gun-barrel into her face, then shoves her forward; Kouta's umbrella falls out of her hand and opens in the wind, landing away from them. )

Bando: I hear you're a big-time badass, right? Show me what you got. Let's rock and roll!

( SUB : You've killed so many up until now, right? Let's have a duel. A duel! )



Bando: What the hell is wrong with you? So are you a killer or not? Put up a fight! Come on!

( SUB : What the hell's wrong with you? You're a bloodthirsty killer, aren't you? Give me a beating, come on! )



Bando: Hey, wait a second. What're you trying to hide? Show it to me!

( SUB : Hey, wait a second. Show it to me! Hey! )

( Satou waves ) 

Satou: Hold on! What if it's her secret weapon?

( SUB : Could it be the lethal weapon? )

( Nyu holds and hides whatever this thing is, as though pleading with him not to take it. )

Bando: (To Satou) You really are completely stupid! (To Nyu) If you have a secret weapon, you'd better use it. Now!

( SUB : Don't be stupid! If you have the so-called weapon, bring it on! Now! )

( Through the netting we see the three of them and the rowboat's insides; Nyu flees and slips inside the rowboat. )
Bando: Man, what a letdown.

( SUB : I don't care anymore. )



Satou: What? Oh, well… Bando!

( SUB : Well, Leader! )

( Bando turns and walks away, taking off his mask and helmet .)

Bando: Satou, go ahead and shoot her.

( SUB : Satou, you can go ahead and kill her. )

( Bando begins to try and light a cigarette )

Satou: What?

( The lighter sputters in the rain as Bando has his back turned to Satou )

Bando: I said kill her. That's the mission, right?

( SUB : I said kill her. It's our job, right? )

Satou: But…sir!

( SUB : But... )

Bando: Shoot her already! It's an order.

( SUB : Never mind, just shoot. It's an order. )

( Satou walks over and lowers his gun to aim at it Nyu inside the rowboat )

Satou: Yes, sir…I'm sorry Miss, but I'm just carrying out my orders.

( SUB : Roger. Sorry. This is my job. )

( What we can see of his shows not eagerness but resignation; focus shifts to Nyu caught in the netting inside the rowboat, her clothes somewhat askew. ) 

Bando: Ugh, damn it!

( SUB : Shit! )

( Satou cocks his gun as the focus shifts to Bando, frustrated by his attempts to light the lighter; he covers it from the rain as the report of Satou's rifle is heard, and it lights; a spray of blood is seen on Bando, and on the fencing/netting as well. )

Bando: Huh? What?

( SUB : What the...? )



( Back by the soldiers, we see a spray of blood on the pole, like a coat of paint, while shredded pieces of netting fly and float everywhere ; It is Satou's blood, a hole punched clear through his torso; He is still alive, so suddenly did this happen, and his gun is still firmly in his hand. )



( SUB : Leader... )

( Satou's warning is cut off as is his right arm as he turns around, pain and fear quite apparent on his face ; Gun and arm fall to the ground before a stunned Bando ; Satou can only stare in shock at his mortal wounds; His head falls off, bringing a geyser of blood from his neck-stump; The body falls away as Nyu rises slowly from behind the rowboat. ) 



( Bando cannot know that this is Lucy, not Nyu anymore, rising as though she had been napping. )

Bando: There's no way—

( SUB : Is this for real? )



Bando: Huh?

( Bando drops his cigarette and quickly opens fire; at point blank range his bullets are simply turned away, with Lucy not even looking up or at him; His discarded helmet is quickly crushed by an unseen force with a visible imprint. ) 





Bando: Ha-ha! You're just throwing blind until you hit me.…Throwing?

( SUB : You're just trying to throw stuff at me till you hit! Throwing? )



SAT Chief (voiceover): Listen up! Our target has an unidentified weapon with a two-meter effective lethal range.

( SUB : Our target has a weapon that causes certain death within a two meter radius. )

( He briefly raises his head, then ducks again while taking projectile fire. )

Bando: So that's it. Two-meter-long invisible hands. Quite a weapon!

( SUB : So that's it. Two-meter invisible hands. Those are your... )

( Behind the barrels and ducked down, Bando smiles despite or because of the danger he is in, and the challenge it presents; he has found the foe he was promised, and is in his glory; Lucy hurls Satou's body, where it hits a corrugated metal wall; it begins to seem like this was for range-finding and possibly a distraction. Lucy throws another rowboat, hitting Bando's position. The barrels bounce as the rowboat strikes, their contents igniting as Bando rolls away; Lucy then ups the ante by raising up a mid-sized motorboat, which Bando fires an explosive shell into before she can hurl it; again he is smiling. )

Bando: You know, this is kind of fun!

( SUB : This is fun! )





( SUB : What is it? )

( Bando chances another glimpse at his distant attacker, slowly drawing closer )

Bando: Wow. This is just too cool, huh?

( SUB : Geez. This is too cool, huh? )

( Again finding cover, Bando sees the still-advancing Lucy, but he also spots a grenade on Satou's body, very near to where Lucy is headed; Lucy almost sees him before he ducks back down, smiling like a hungry man who has just spotted a large meal; His look is one that is very nearly ecstatic; Ducked down, his eyes close as he takes in the noise from Lucy's footfalls, gauging her position, until her splash in a puddle of blood and water tells him she is in position for him to shoot and explode the grenade he spotted ) 

Bando: OK, you freak of nature! Time to die!

( SUB : Die! You occult bitch! )



Bando: Hey…that's not fair. You're cheating!

( SUB : That's not fair, is it? )

( In the distance, the girl again turns her head at the sound of gunfire. )

Mayu: Huh?

( Bando begins to show slight signs of shock, fear and even panic as he lowers his weapon slightly; Lucy begins to fire on him; Bando is hit, and falls back, his flak jacket taking most but by no means all of the impact; Suddenly he finds himself sprawled with Lucy standing over him, looking down on him with complete and utter disdain. )



( SUB : Are you enjoying this? )

( Determined to regain his dignity and edge, Bando makes an effort to reach for his pistol. )

Bando: Bitch!

( SUB : You damn bitch! )

( Bando's attempt to raise and fire his weapon is met with the severing of his right arm; He yells in agony. Lucy seems to be unmoved either way, neither empathetic nor joyful at his pain. )

Bando: You bitch! You bitch! How dare you… cut my arm off?

( SUB : You bitch! How dare you...How dare you cut my arm off? You bitch! )

( As he tries to strike at her with his left arm, it is quickly bent back and broken, and Bando yells once again. )

Bando: Just wait! Wait and see! See what happens! I won't forget you! I'll come find you!

( SUB : Just wait and see. I'll never forget your face! )



Bando: I'll kill you! I'll kill you! Damn you!

( SUB : I'll kill you! I'll kill you, damn it! I'll kill you! )

( Arms emerge from Lucy's head; She is prepared to finish Bando off. )

Lucy: Fun's over.

( SUB : This isn't fun anymore. )

( The arms begin to strangle Bando as he continues to thrash about; At this moment, Lucy notices she still has whatever Nyu found on the beach and was holding onto, and takes a look at it; She seizes, cries out and grabs at her head. Lucy falls to the sand, but when she looks up, a reversion has occurred. )

Nyu: Nyu?

( The sight of Bando's wounds and massive blood loss badly scares Nyu; Bando still thrashes and twists in pain and rage as she begins to cry. )



( SUB : Hey, where'd the hell you go? Come back! )

( Nyu's look is one of purest confusion; in the makeshift shelter, the girl and the dog ascertain where the noise is coming from; they see Nyu run by them in a blind panic. The dog mewls after she is gone. )

Bando: Hey! Where the hell are you? Where the hell did ya go?

( SUB : Hey, where the hell are you? Where'd the hell you go? )

( The girl sees Kouta's umbrella, lost earlier, and goes to pick it up; using it, she heads over to Bando as the dog lightly barks after her. The umbrella says 'Kaede House' on the handle; The girl looks and sees the mutilated Bando still flailing wildly. )



( SUB : Excuse me. What happened? )

( She shows obvious and logical concern that his movement is only making the bleeding worse. A helpless Bando keeps right on thrashing like an eel in a bucket. )

Bando: I'll fucking kill you! I swear I'll kill you! I'll kill you! I'll kill you!

( SUB : I'll fuckin' kill you! I'll kill you! )

Mayu: Excuse me, sir?

( SUB : Mayu : Excuse me. )

( Fearful but realizing his peril, the girl gathers her courage, closes her eyes and cries out, loud enough to overcome his screaming. )

Mayu: Stop moving around!

( SUB : Don't move! )

( The girl ties off his arm stump with a rope tourniquet as Bando becomes somewhat calmer. )

Bando: Who are you?



Mayu: All right. I'm gonna go get an ambulance. Please don't move if you don't have to.

( SUB : I'll go get an ambulance now, so please don't move so recklessly! )



Bando: Shit.

___
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:14:&lt;h3&gt; 
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:16:&lt;h3&gt; 

( Outside a hospital, trees sway in the wind and rain; the small building is of an older design; sirens are heard in the distance; inside it, Yuka sits by Kouta's side, a concerned look on her face. An IV drip is attached to his right arm at the wrist; The walls are faded; this structure shows its age in many visible cues, from the walls to the equipment; Kouta's forehead is bandaged; He begins at last to rouse as Yuka calls out to him. )



( His eyes open and he looks around confusedly. )



( SUB : Oh, Yuka. Where am I? )

( Yuka sits up from her chair, actually a green stool. )

Yuka: What's going on? What happened? Are you okay?



Detective A: Please, excuse us. Well, well! Looks like we meet again.

( SUB : Please, excuse us. So we meet again. )

Detective B: We'll need a moment alone.

( SUB : Give us a moment alone . )

( Outside the room, Yuka's worry is evident; she waits on a green couch, opposite windows being pounded by rain; next to her is what once might have been a laundry chute, now appearing to be sealed off by the position of the couch itself; a stairwell foyer with stairs leading both ways is in the distance; the hospital room door window is stylized, again confirming the hospital's age; inside the room, Kouta is sitting up in bed. )

Detective A: A soldier with a machine gun, you say? Seems more likely you had a run-in with some bikers carrying Saturday night specials, don't you think?

( SUB : A soldier with a machine gun, huh? In short, you're saying that you were attacked by some guys like motorcycle gangsters with model guns. )

( Kouta is openly annoyed at this outright dismissal of his account. )

Kouta: No, I don't! They were soldiers!

( SUB : No, I'm not. It was definitely... )

( The older detective folds his arms. )

Detective A: The girl who was with you earlier said she didn't see any soldiers. If only we had another witness…

( SUB : The girl who was here earlier said she didn't see anyone like that. If only there were another witness. )

( Kouta starts openly. )

Kouta: Witness? Nyu! There was a girl! There was a girl with me at the beach! Is she safe?

( SUB : Witness?...Nyu...There was a girl at the beach. Is she safe? )

Detective A: Hmm?

( The younger detective leans into Kouta's face, seeming a bit frantic. )

Detective B: This girl witness, who was she?

( SUB : Who was she? )

( Kouta realizes he must now fudge his story, his face showing worry over saying too much and selling the lie he must now tell. )

Kouta: Yeah…I don't know. I just happened to see her.

( SUB : I don't know. I just happened to see her. )

( The detectives now shift to a neutral stance to aid their interrogation. )

Detective B: Anything strange about her?

( SUB : What were some of her distinguishing characteristics? )

Kouta: I can't think of anything strange.

( SUB : Characteristics. I can't think of anything in particular. )

( From neutral to slightly more aggressive, the younger detective presses. )

Detective B: Hairstyle, clothing, strange behavior! Did you see or notice anything unusual on her head?

( SUB : Things like hairstyle, age or something like that! Especially if you saw something on her head! )



Detective A: It's all right! Just think and tell us whatever it is you do remember.

( SUB : Could you just tell us whatever you remember? )

( Kouta fakes a moment of realization, hoping that it is believed. )



( SUB : I said it was a girl but she was about the age of a college student. She had short hair and was a little overweight. )

( The older detective stands up, seeming satisfied, his younger partner looking decidedly less so. ) 

Detective A: Great! That's plenty. Sorry to have bothered you when you were injured. I woulda left you alone, but the doctor said you were healthy. I'd still take it easy for a day or two.

( SUB : Okay, that's enough. Sorry to bother you when you're injured. I was told by the doctor earlier that your injury isn't that bad. Go home carefully. )

( They begin to leave the room, with this perhaps being a ploy to trip Kouta up. )

Kouta: Hold on! I swear one guy had a machine gun!

( SUB : But it really was someone with a machine gun! )

Detective A: Yeah, well, there are a bunch of biker gangs around here. We'll make sure that your incident gets reported. It'd be smart to forget all about it.

( SUB : There are many motorcycle gangsters around here. We'll duly take care of your crime report. You should forget about it, for your own good. )

( Kouta shows his suspicion at the urging to forget it all. )



( The interior of a taxi-cab; seen is the back of the driver's head and the reflection of his eyes; A traffic light is seen through the windshield; A plaque with information is shown, but it is not rendered precisely enough to be legible, on the cab's partition between the passenger and the driver; Kouta and Yuka sit together, with Kouta's head still bandaged. His mind is elsewhere. )



( SUB : I hope she hasn't been killed. )

( Yuka is startled and confused at this. )



( SUB : What? What did you say? )

( Kouta looks away from her, out his side's passenger's window )

Kouta: Nothing.



Yuka: Well, I'll stop by again tomorrow. Are you sure you're OK?

( SUB : Then, I'll stop by again tomorrow. Are you sure you're okay? )

Kouta: I'm fine, I'm fine! I'll…see you later.

( SUB : I'm fine, I'm fine. See you then. )

( The cab pulls away and we see Kouta from Yuka's POV, with him receding in the distance, a view she is perhaps familiar with; As she sits down, we see that the cab's seats are a blue material. )



Kouta: Ah!



Nyu: Nyu.

( Kouta kneels down and embraces her, dropping his umbrella as he does; Nyu opens and closes her eyes. )

Kouta: I'm sorry.

( Her face shows her confusion. )

Nyu: Nyu?

Kouta: Thank you.

( Now, it shows her delight. )

Nyu: Nyu!



Child Yuka: Kouta! Come back next year, OK? Don't forget about me!

( SUB : Kouta! Please come again next year! Don't forget about me! )

( We see a close-up of Kouta's smiling face. )

Child Kouta: Yeah! Of course I'll come back next year. After all, I like you!

( SUB : Yeah! I'll come next year again, Yuka, since I like you. )

( In the present, she closes her eyes sadly; she opens them as she seems to make a connection. ) 

Yuka: That was eight years ago, wasn't it?

( SUB : It's been eight years since then, hasn't it? ) . )



( SUB : Yes? )

( Yuka smiles as she speaks to the driver. )

Yuka: Oh! No…nothing.

( SUB : No, nothing. )

( A jingling sound makes her realize something. )

Yuka: Ah! The key! Oh, please go back!

( SUB : The key. Sir! )

( Nyu is red-cheeked and sneezing; Her shirt is soaked through and clinging noticeably and awkwardly; Kouta searches through a bag of his clothes, trying and somewhat failing not to look at the shape of her breasts through the shirt; They are before the dining table as Nyu watches Kouta. )

Kouta: OK, who are you, anyway? Those two guys, those two soldiers, the police… you've got everybody acting strange.

( SUB : Hey, who are you? Those guys...those soldiers and the police are definitely acting strange. )

( Nyu reacts as a toddler might. )



( Kouta's face betrays how foolish he feels as he realizes who he's talking to. )



( SUB : Even if I say something, I guess you won't understand it. But I've decided that I'll never let them take you. All right, change into this. )

( Again, Nyu's infantile mentality is clear as she stares at the shirt. )

Nyu: Nyu?

( Kouta gains a resigned look. His eyes go wide as he gains a determined look. He again struggles and fails not to look at Nyu's chest; the soaked shirt is now transparent. ) 

Kouta: Hmm…OK, that's all right. I guess I'm going to have to change your clothes myself.

( SUB : Oh, well. I guess I've got no choice but to change your clothes myself. )

( His eyes closed, Kouta feels around for the fresh shirt as a topless Nyu sits and waits; her wet shirt is now drying on the table )

Kouta: Uh…

( He continues to feel around, while Nyu's body is a reminder that while her mind is that of a child, the rest of her is not. )

Kouta: Um… shirt, shirt, shirt… Here we go! OK, Nyu. Arms in the air! Like this.

( SUB : Um....shirt, shirt, shirt...There it is. Okay, raise your arms like this. )

( Finding the shirt, he raises his own arms and Nyu follows suit without question. )

Nyu: Nyu!

( Kouta tries to position the shirt on her arms and push it onto her. )

Kouta: Don't worry. I'm keeping my eyes closed. Let me see…

( SUB : Don't worry, I'm keeping my eyes closed, so...Let me see... )

( His hands lightly brush her breasts on the way down, causing Nyu to react. )

Nyu: Nyu!

( He pulls back suddenly. ) 

Kouta: Sorry! Sorry!

( SUB : Sorry! )

( Nyu begins to touch and squeeze her breast, evidently enjoying the sensation. As the view switches, Kouta's eyes are once more closed tightly; He has her in a position with her head and back on the floor, with her legs raised. Her shirt is still not covering her chest; Kouta's intent is innocent, but the situation cannot help but take on sexual connotations for him, though not the confused Nyu. )

Kouta: Underwear's next. This is the big one… um, so, listen! Tr-try not to move, OK?

( SUB : Next is underwear. This is the big one. Listen, don't move, okay? )





___
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:18:&lt;h3&gt; 
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:20:&lt;h3&gt; 





( SUB : So it was a failure. )



( SUB : Yes. From the damage done to the SAT members, we could confirm that Lucy came ashore, but we still haven't tracked her down. )

Kurama: As gifted as she is at killing, I imagine she'll find it difficult to keep a low profile for long.

( SUB : I can't imagine that bloodthirsty killer will continue to hide quietly. )

( Shirakawa, an attractive woman with glasses, looks to be all business but her voice in comparison to her appearance shows that her emotions are at least partially in play; her hair is in a bun; her mind at least is a bit less focused. )

Shirakawa: Regardless, I hope we won't have to use Number Seven.

( SUB : That maybe so, but I don't think you need to even use # 7. )

( They stand outside a room marked with a large Red '7' on each side of the automatic door halves; A lab tech is seen; the English dub is missing his dialogue, but it is revealed in subtitles. )

Kurama: What's her condition?

( SUB : Assistant (Isobe?) Subtitled only : Since we've been performing pretty severe experiments continuously, I don't know if we can use her or not. )





( SUB : Papa . )

Next Episode Announcer : ( A bloodied but perked up Nana, still chained, speaks to Kurama who watches impassively ) What she felt was a sad imitation. ( A carving game breaks apart; Young Kouta smirks just a bit; Yuka in the present washes her face amidst tears in a green-shaded tiled porcelain sink with a single older-style faucet and water puddling inside it ) Created in a world ruled by eternal pain and despair, that synthetic emotion could only serve a single goal. ( Nyu snuggles with Kouta; Wanta is leashed outside of Maple House; Shirakawa looks at Isobe; Nana's eyes open; Mayu first enters Maple House; Bando, his eyes covered, thrashes about; Nyu's face darkened, she turns around to reveal Lucy, who sends vectors at Kouta; Kurama shows X-Rays of a Diclonius; Nyu smiles; X-Ray of a Diclonius skull. )

( SUB : It was already too cruel to describe it with the word love. It was a sad imitation, created in a world where only eternal pain and despair rule, only to achieve a single goal. Next Elfen Lied, Episode Three : Deep Feelings. )
 ws:start:WikiTextRemoteImageRule:22:&lt;img src=&quot;http://animetranscripts.wikispaces.com/site/embedthumbnail/placeholder?w=NaN&amp;h=NaN&quot; alt=&quot;&quot; title=&quot;&quot; /&gt;  ws:end:WikiTextRemoteImageRule:22 
