
Guame :
So, I heard that Adiane had blewn it.
She went over our heads and boasted in front of the Spiral King.
She will not come crawling back now.
Would you do me the honor of letting me strike next?

Spiral King :
Guame? You, too?

Cytomander :
What concerns me most of all, Sire, is this miniature gunmen of unknown type that they use.
You see, it's been widely reported that when it combines to become Gurren Lagann, it exhibits of host extraordinary powers it should not possess.

Spiral King :
You think you know what it is, don't you?
The humans have manage to uncover something they should'nt have.
That is all it amounts to.

Cytomander :
Whatever you think it is, it can't be brushed off so easily.
Indulge me, Sire.

Spiral King :
Guame, you dare tell me what to do?


Cytomander :
That was bold move back there.
There are few in this world who can make the Spiral King do anything.
In that one regard, you are truly superior.

Guam :
It's because that miniature Gunmen may very well turn out to be an incredible find.
And besides, he and I go back quite a long time.

Cytomander :
You're going up against a bunch of battle-hardened barbarians.
There's just no telling what they'll come up with.

Guam :
Needless to say, I have a plan.

Cytomander :
Ha.
Yes, of course.
You're just shrewd as ever.




Episode 11 : Simon, Hands-Off



Nia :
Hey, everyone!


Yeah?

Nia :
What's this stuff here?


It's garbage.
It's a trash heap, obviously.

Nia :
Yes, but this belongs to Simon!
It isn't right!


Come on, he's a lost cause.
He's turned into a spineless kid who's good for nothing but digging.
He'd be better off going back to Giha Village.

Nia :
But he's...

Yoko :
Back this, there's no place here for somebody who can't pull off his own weight.
If you really want to help Simon, just don't coddle him.

Nia :
Coddle him?

Yoko :
He needs to snap himself out of this funk, or it'll never happen.


Nia :
Is this that bro person you mentioned?

Simon :
I'm crazy, aren't I?

Nia :
No, Simon.
You aren't crazy.
When he's set in stone like this, even I can see it.
I can see by all this how much you really care for this person.

Simon :
Year, well.
Digging tunnels is all I'm really good for.
Back in our villiage, everyone said I was creepy or that I smelled funny.
Bro would always hang out with me.
He was the only one who didn't make fun of me or make me feel bad.
He was tough, and kind, and he was big.
I wanted to be a man just like a Bro.
I really tried to be, but I guess, it was no use.
The trurh is I can never be like Bro.

Nia :
You are really good!

Simon :
R-Really?

Nia :
May I stay and watch for a while longer?

Simon :
Sure…

A girl in the monitor :
Ah~!
Please you have to help us!
It's awful.
Our village has been attacked by a lot of Gunmen!
Please help!
We are just defenseless girls.

There girls in the monitor :
Oh, the Gunmen are almost upon us!
Aieeee!

Kitan :
Those poor girls!
We need to help them right away.

Riron :
I guess I can find where they are.

Dayatka :
It all smells awfully fishy than me.


It stinks?
It smells?

Riron :
You know, the enemy is sure to pick up that transmission, too.

Kinon :
And would people underground have a communication equipment like that?

Kitan :
Everyone, shut up!
Quit worrying about all the details!
Do you want those babes to get completely wiped out while we're standing around arguing?!
If Kamina were here, he set out to rescue them without a second thought.

Riron :
That's right.
He wouldn't hesitate for a moment.

Kitan :
Yeah, like I just said.
Right!
Dai-Gurren, move out!

Dayatka :
That's the village entrance.
They got five Gunmen.
And don't fire the main canon…


Fire!

Dayatka :
No, Idiot!
There are the whole village under there.
Don't open a fire, you stupid damn ass.

Sorry, I couldn't help myself.

The enemy Gunmen are all retreating.

Yeah, sweet!
Just as I planned it!

All right, let's go see if those babes are safe!

It's nothing but hot young babes!

What a dreadful village…

Thank you! Because of you, our village has been saved from destruction!

No need to thank us. After all, the Spiral King is everyone's enemy.

Still, from what we've seen, there doesn't seem to be a single man here.
How exactly did that happen?

Well, you see, I don't know how to tell you this, but…

Stay where you are, and don't move humans!

Impossible! All this was just a Beastman trick?

I told you. It was fishy…

You bastard!

What the hell were you thinking, moron?

Sir, Dai-Gunzan has been secured.
We'll now begin searching the area for Nia and the miniature Gunmen.

Very well. And put your backs into it.

Yes, sir.

Beastmen are their enemy, so they assume all humans will be their allies.
What fools.
It looks to me like they're so stupid they don't even know who their #1 enemy is.

Quit resisting us, you little punk!

You're Princess Nia, aren't you?
General Guame says that he wants to see you right away.

Guame? Very well then, I will see him.

But first, promise not to hurt this person.

Relax, lady. We haven't been ordered to kill anyone yet.

N-Nia!

Stay put!

Don't worry about me. I will be fine. All right?

But Nia…

You know, you'll never be your Bro. I think you should always be yourself.

You're with me. Now come along.

Nia…

Damn it, let go of me, you furballs!

Humans, no manners at all.
It's Mister Furball to you.

I'm Guame, the Immovable, one of the Four Generals of the Spiral king!
And I am taking back Dai-Gunzan.
But first I'm going to execute you publicly as a warning to the others.
Stay in here until we're ready for you!

The Spiral King has issued orders to have you eliminated.

Then I guess that means what Adiane said is true?

Yes, indeed it is.
You realize that if you died in that box in the valley, it would have been [quite/quiet] painless death.
His Majesty is imbued with immortality and he's lived for a thousand years or more.
Creating and raising children is a pastime for him.
He disposes of those if he's tired of.
As he would a doll.
That's all there is to it.

Like a doll?

Now I've been told you actually asked him straight to his face "Why was I born?"
That was a bad move. His Majesty detests human self-awareness.
But who can blame him? Why would a puppet, a simple plaything need self-awareness?

So I'm just like that doll…

Well truth be told.
You are far too lovely to do away with.

I've given some thought to finding a way for you to continue living.

Would you be interested in being village chief?

Village chief?

Why not?
The girls here come from villages far and wide, and we need someone to take them under wing and teach them all about proper etiquette to decorum before they're sent off to the palace to begin their time in the service of his Majesty.

What kind of service? What becomes of them after they are sent to live with the king?

The Spiral King lavishes them with his affections.
It's a fair exchange.
They get to experience luxury that they can never even dream of knowing in living their underground [harbors/hovels].

The girls who are sent away to be with the king, they're dolls too, right?

Yes, that's right. And someday they'll be discarded, exactly like you were.


Don't underestimate those who were raised underground!
We'll bust outta this place in no time flat!

That hurt…

Brain hurt…!

It's no use.
All we are doing is hurting ourselves.

This bedrock is incredibly tough.
It's like nothing I've seen.

It's hopeless… Our bodies will give up before that rock.

We haven't so much scratched it.

It's enough to make you despair…

Is this the end for us?

If only Kamina was here…

So, this is what he meant.

Kamina once said to me.
"He's always the one who saves my ass."
"He's always the one who never gives up. Never"

He did?

It wasn't going well. My confidence was shot. I thought we were heading in the wrong direction.
I freaked out and kept asking myself. "Why did my dad make it up to the surface and I can't?"
Honestly, I was just acting tough.
Everyone was whining, and they stopped digging.
I guess I was finally at the end of my rope.
But Simon, he kept on drilling away.
His drilling let me put on a brave face.
By dumb luck, he broke through the last boulder right then.
We got really lucky.
But I have faith in all that luck, and in Simon, who brought us that luck in the first place.
Whenever I feel timid and weak, I feel like (I'm) losing confidence, I picture the sight of his back all hunched over, digging away.
I think to myself, "I'll refuse to be laughed at by that back."
Listen, Simon. Never forget this.
Believe in yourself.
Not in the Simon that I have faith in.
Not in the Kamina that you believe in, either.
Believe in the Simon-

-who believes in you!
Lagann?
Lagann!

Wait a minute. Was there a hole here before?

General Guame, there's no sign of the miniature Gunmen anywhere on the ship!

Don't give me that crap, you idiot!
It's gotta be there somewhere!
Tear the thing apart if you have to, just find it!

Y-Yes, sir!

Why are you in such a panic, Guame?
You're flustered.

What?

You're afraid of him, aren't you?
You're scared of Simon.

What? Who the hell is that?

Simon is the boy who first helped me when I went down to the surface.
I mean the boy who's always protecting me.
Simon will never lose to the likes of you!

I see. He's that thing's operator, isn't he?

Hey! Find the boy named Simon among the prisoners and bring him to me!

Yes, sir!

What about the executions?

Everything is ready.

Excellent. The first one we will put to death is this Simon boy.

I'll never let you do that!

I'm the one who gets to decide such things.
Now why don't you just be a good little discarded doll and do what I tell you to do from now on?

I won't.

You don't say? I'm afraid in that case, you'll have to die, too.

I will not!

You what?

I may be just another of his cast-off dolls, but I have learned something on the surface!

What is that?

Just as Simon believed in his Bro, I believe in my Simon!

So, you won't yield, not even at your demise. You're too naive.
I have lost interest in you.
Good bye!
What?
How?

I don't believe it. What are you doing here, Gramps?

Nia! I'm here to rescue you!
Come on!

Simon!

Come with us, Gramps.
Huh?

Come back!

General Guame!

Get back mini Gunmen!

I'm sorry I took so long.

That's okay.

I figured it out. And well, I guess Lagann told me, too. And now I understand!

So do I. Thanks a lot, Simon!
Simon, move your hands.

What?

There.

All right.

This is why, I always say humans are savages!

Oh, crap!

Consider the tables turned, humans!
You've thrown a wrench into my plans, so now I'm going to execute you myself!
The sight of my mighty Gember and that of your own pathetic miserable deaths will be projected above the heads of every human on the surface!

Say what, you big bastard?!

I'm the one you're going to fight!

You think that toy is any match for my Gember?
What's wrong?

What the?
That thing is eating Gurren!

Take that! And that! And just a little more!

Rossiu!

Simon?

Let's combine!

You got it!

Damn it! It's that mini Gunmen!

I don't believe it! Is this the Gurren Lagann I've heard about?

My Bro is dead.
He's gone.
But he's right there on my back! And here in my heart!
He lives on as part of me!
If you're gonna dig, dig to the heavens.
No matter what's in my way, I won't stop!! Once I've done through, it means that I've won!

You what? What are you talking about?

Just who the hell do you think I am?
I'm Simon.
I'm not my Bro.
I'm ME!
Simon the Digger!

Spare me your childish ranting!
Gember Press!

Finishing Move!

No way.

That move was a...

GlGA DRlLL BREAK!!

Sound the retreat!
Run.

Please Simon, there's someplace that I'd like you to take me.
These are all princesses who were thrown away like I was.
All the generations of those who came before me.

You mean all of these?

I'd like to give them all a proper burial in a sunny place if you could help.

Yeah!
You got it!

To me, Father was my entire world.
My whole life, I'd believed in no one but him. Relied on no one but him.
That's why I wanted so desperately to believe in him until the very end.
Why is it we all were born?
I wonder...

Nia, here.

What?

You can have it. I found it while I was digging earlier.

It's pretty!

It's hard to explain, but it doesn't matter why you were born or what you were.
The Nia you are right here and now is what it counts.
That's why you should go on being yourself.

And I'll just be myself, too.

Yeah, that's more like it.
That's the Team Dai-Gurren way.
Ain't that right, Leader?

What?

You're the one, the one Kamina picked for the job.

Yeah, but I think the speech you gave is pretty half-assed, though.

What? H-Hey, come on!

Yeah, she's right! That needs a little work!

Thank you so much!

I've input the location of the Capital. All we do now is keep going straight.


The salty air, the blazing sun.
This is the beach?
Is it a large pool of soft water?
Or a large reservoir of hard feelings?
Next time on Gurren Lagann, Yoko, Will You Do Me a Favor?
  