
  Suiseiseki : I'm sensing that a doorway to someone's dream is opening right now.

Jun : Huh?

Shinku : Something happened between you and Souseiseki, didn't it? Suiseiseki, please tell me about it.


Shinku : So that's what happened.

Hinaichigo : Poor Souseiseki...

Suiseiseki : It's not unusual for Souseiseki to open the doorway to dreams though, but now...

Shinku : But it sounds rather suspicious.

Jun : What?

Shinku : I'm speaking of Suigintou. What purpose did she have in appearing to Suiseiseki like that.

Suiseiseki : No, it can't be.


Suiseiseki : I must go into the N-Field.

Shinku : Wait!

Suiseiseki : You needn't concern yourselves about this. It's a problem between Souseiseki and myself, and no one else. I so can't afford to trouble everyone because of it.

Jun : Oh, that's funny, 'cause all you ever do is cause trouble for us. I mean, talk about showing restraint.

Hinaichigo : Jun!

Jun : OK, I give up. You can stop now. It's creepy.

Suiseiseki : How dare you!

Shinku : Jun is simply telling you that it's all right if you trouble us. We all want to help you.

Suiseiseki : What?

Shinku : Well, Jun is my servant after all. I believe I told you before that he's not a bad human.

Jun : Humph.

Suiseiseki : All there you're well, then. Just hurry up and come along, you.

Jun : Well one thing's for sure, she's never at a loss for words.

Suiseiseki : Souseiseki...


Suiseiseki : It's the same as always here.

Shinku : What about her?

Suiseiseki : She's been lying there asleep, ever since the day I first came here.

Jun : Hey you guys, you do know this is somebody's house. If we get caught, we'll get arrested for breaking in... Ah. Hey, this ain't good. Let's go.

Suiseiseki : Don't worry. She won't wake up.


Hinaichigo : Oh, it's a doorway to dreams.

Shinku : Hush. We have to be quiet.

Suiseiseki : Oh. Just as we thought.

Shinku : Let's go.

Jun : Excuse intrusion, mister. Sorry about this.


Jun : Man, this place's got a lot of clocks in it.

Suiseiseki : Your dreams are filled with mini-cars, and his with clocks. It's the same, really.

Shinku : It's a world of broken clocks and darkness. I'm afraid this man's heart is...

Hinaichigo : Yay, a cuckoo clock.

Jun : Oh yeah, I get it. No, that's not it!

Hinaichgo : Huh? Ah! I see her. Souseiseki is over there.

Suiseiseki : Was it her? Hey, hold it right there, you!


Shinku : We seem to have lost her.

Suiseiseki : She is so quick on her feet. Uh. It's Souseiseki. Souseiseki!

Shinku : We'll get her out immediately. Well, Jun?

Jun : Eh, yeah.

Suiseiseki : Souseiseki!

Shinku : She seems to be unconscious.

Suiseiseki : Wake up, darn you! Wake up, wake up, wake up.

Jun : Hang on. Wait, there's got to be a more gentle way to wake up your own sister.

Souseiseki : Stop, that hurts.

Suiseiseki : Souseiseki. Thank goodness, you're alive.

Souseiseki : Suiseiseki, and Shinku.

Shinku : Souseiseki, quickly now. Where is Lempicka?

Suigintou : Might this be what you are looking for?

Shinku : What now, Suigintou?

Suigintou : Being kind to the elderly certainly does have its benefits, doesn't it? In fact, it's what got me this.

Suiseiseki : What kind of dirty trick did you use to get in here?

Suigintou : Oh, please, your beloved sister is the one who opened the doorway to dreams. I just stepped through it.

Suiseiseki : What?

Suigintou : She knew that the old man was trying to trap her in his dreams, but even knowing that wasn't enough to stop her for opening the door anyway. Isn't that right?

Suiseiseki : Souseiseki, you do that for that pain-in-the-neck old geezer?

Souseiseki : Do not speak badly of the master, please.

Suiseiseki : Ah, you're still talking like you're half-asleep. I swear I'll slap you all over again. You...!

Jun : Well, calm down, Suiseiseki.

Suigintou : It's stange, even with Lempicka I feel like I'm still missing something. Silly me, I know what it is. Suiseiseki, hand over Sui Dream, will you?

Shinku : Now that will be quite enough. You return Lempicka immediately.

Suigintou : You are so thoroughly stupid, Shinku. Do you honestly think you have a chance of besting me in this world?

Suigintou : After all, you are in the world of grandfather's dreams. And it's incredibly kind to me.

Jun : I'm coming! Hold on.

Shinku : Careful, Jun.

Hinaichigo: Hina's coming to help, too.

Shinku : Suiseiseki, Hina and I will take care of Suigintou. Hurry now. Take Jun and Souseiseki, and get away from here.

Suiseiseki : All right. Just be carefull up there.

Souseiseki : Ah, the door's closing. It vanished. What will we do? The master's trying to keep us from leaving here.

Suiseiseki : Um, this way!

Jun : Shinku...

Suigintou : You can crawl around, but you'll never find the way out.


Jun : It's huge. Is this the old man's tree?

Suiseiseki : Do you so have any idea what you are lookin at? This just happens to be a branch of the World Tree.

Jun : A branch?

Suiseiseki : Dreams from everywhere are all linked by these branches to a single giant tree. Yggdrasil, or the World Tree. Dreams don't usually intermingle with one another. But when they connect the Yggdrasil through these branches, they...

Jun : Sorry, could you explain that in under thirty words?

Suiseiseki : Oh, fine then. I'll have to stoop to the runt's intelligence level for this. The branches of the Yggdrasil connect the dreams of those who share an emotional bond with each other.

Jun : Emotional bond?


Suiseiseki : The emotional connection of this branch is half-withered.

Souseiseki : It's the master's.

Jun : Can we really cross this thing?

Suiseiseki : Not to worry. It will hold the weight of a Rozen Maiden doll. Just fine.

Jun : Hello, what about me? Hey, wait up. Damn it.


Jun : Ah, what the...

Suiseiseki : We are entering the dream world.

Jun : Hey, there's nothing here. There's nothing anywhere.

Suiseiseki : Because the old woman's heart is empty.

Souseiseki : It's a sad place. There's so much sadness here. There was a car accident, and they lost their only son. His name was Kazuki. The master's wife went to sleep that day. She's stayed asleep ever since. I'm sure that something bad must be happening to her tree. And that's why...

Suiseiseki : If we can free the old woman's tree, then she'll wake up from her long slumber. That's why the old man was so obsessed with you. He was so very lonely. If we save the old woman, she'll wake up, and then the old man will snap out of his puke. Darn it, can someone please tell me why I'm the one who has to explain what's going on in that head of yours? You an articulate doll!

Souseiseki : I didn't want you to get involed, Suiseiseki. I just wanted you to find a new master and be happy.

Suiseiseki : We've come this far, so we might as well finish this now.

Souseiseki : But, Suiseiseki...

Suiseiseki : Enough. We'll split up and go looking for the old woman's tree. Human, don't you stand there . Start sniffing around for its scent.

Jun : What, do I look like a bloodhound or something?

Kazuki : Stop it. Please, just stop it.

Jun : Who the heck is that?

Souseiseki : It's Kazuki.

Jun : Who?

Souseiseki : Hello, Kazuki.

Kazuki : Don't look for the tree anymore. My mother told me that she doesn't want to wake up ever again.

Suiseiseki : Why doesn't she wanna wake up?

Kazuki : Because I'm in here. I'm in this world.

Jun : Wha... Uh.

Kazuki : Look around. There's nothing here. No scary cars, and nothing bad happens. My mother says she wants to live with me in this quiet world. Just me and her, no one else. We can live here forever and no one will ever hurt us.

Souseiseki : Kazuki...

Jun : Sounds nice, but have you thought about your father? I know losing you must've hit your mother pretty hard, but turning her back on reality, and shutting herself away in the safety of the dream world is... Um. Shut-away would safe. Safe world...

Suiseiseki : Human...

Kazuki : But my mother told me.

Jun : Your father's lonely, too. Or maybe you didn't know that. And your mother's still alive. This isn't right. You have to let her go back to the real world.

Kazuki : My father... And my mother...


Hinaichigo : Hold it right there, you!


Hinaichigo : We did it! Uh-oh...


Souseiseki : Suigintou.

Jun : Do you think Shinku and Hinaichigo are OK?

Suiseiseki : There's not a moment to lose. We must retreat. Sui Dream, come forward.

Suiseiseki : Quickly now. Let's go. Come on, human. Fly!

Jun : OK.

Souseiseki : Hold on. What about Kazuki? What about Kazuki...?


Suiseiseki : We so must hurry and close the doorway to dreams right now, or Suigintou might...

Suigintou : Welcome back, you fools. I was getting tired of waiting.

Jun : What did you do to Shinku and Hinaichigo?

Suigintou : Who knows? Maybe they've gotten lost in the old man's dream world.

Suiseiseki : Sui Dream, come forward!

Suigintou : It's no use, sister. You don't have a master, remember? You can only use your sad little powers in a dream world, besides...

Suiseiseki : Souseiseki!

Suigintou : As I was saying, a doll robbed of her Lempicka's nothing but junk.

Suigintou : Suiseiseki, be a good sister and hand over Sui Dream. You're just making it worse.

Suiseiseki : You in here - for damn miserable feathers...

Suiseiseki : Human!

Suigintou : Lempicka!

Souseiseki : Suiseiseki, get out of the way!

Suiseiseki : Human!

Souseiseki : No, get away!

Suiseiseki : No, you mustn't. Step aside now. I'm not so wothless that I need the help of a puny human. Hurry up now, and move! Human, step out of the way, please. Or you'll...

Jun : And, I'm not so worthless that I just stand here and do nothing when you're too weak to protect yourself.

Suiseiseki : Human...

Suigintou : I wonder how much longer you'll be able to keep up that bravado.

Suiseiseki : Human, don't do this. You have to run.

Souseiseki : Stop it, Lempicka. You're hurting him.

Suigintou : Lempicka belongs to me now, remember? It's no use, Souseiseki.

Suiseiseki : Human... Jun! Suigintou, I am giving you my damn Sui Dream now.

Jun : No. No, don't!

Suiseiseki : Stop hurting Jun. I'll give it to you, I'll give it to you.

Suigintou : That's a good girl.

Jun : Suiseiseki, no, don't. Don't do it.

Suiseiseki : Sui Dream...

Souseiseki : Suiseiseki...

Suigintou : That's a good girl.


Hinaichigo : Um... We can't get back. Uh, I can't walk any more. Oh, it's Kun-kun!

Shinku : What?

Hincaichigo : Kun-kun. It's Kun-kun. Kun-kun, Kun-kun, Kun-kun!

Kazuki : I'll show you the way out.

Hinaichigo : Huh? Kun-kun said something.

Shinku : A boy.

Kazuki : But if I do, would you please remember to tell my mother and father something? Could you tell them that I'll be with them no matter where they go and what they do?

Shinku : Are you sure?

Kazuki : Yeah, I am. I'll be okay.


Old man : Kazuki! Kazuki, Kazuki, Kazuki, Kazuki... Kazuki, where are you?

Shinku : I see. So we've lost Sui Dream too.

Hinaichigo : But-but-but-but I'm glad everyone's safe.

Shinku : Yes.

Old man : Are you in here? Kazuki!

Souseiseki : Master...

Old man : Kazuki, there you are. Uh. Who are you?

Jun : Oh, um... Pleased to make your acquaintance?

Old man : Have you come to take my Kazuki away from me?

Jun : What? N-no, no. I-I'm not. I-I don't need any more troublesome dolls. Believe me. I...

Old man : Shut up!


Old man : Matsu...

Matsu : Hello, my dear. Kazuki is...

Old man : Kazuki?


Jun : The mystical Nupopo Doll. Buy now and get another one for free, huh? Why don't they just cut to the chase and sell two of them. It's not like it's gonna make much of the difference. Oh, the old sneak attack from behind is it, you rotten...

Hinaichigo : No, it isn't. She's Hina this time.

Jun : Oh, yeah. She's not around anymore, is she?

Shinku : Don't tell me you miss her. Do you, Jun?

Jun : Yeah? As if I would. I'm glad we've finally got rid of the noisiest one.


Souseiseki : Here you are, grandma. Tea.

Matsu : Well, thank you, dear.

Old man: Souseiseki, may I please have another cup?

Souseiseki : Certainly.

Suiseiseki : I swear. Hot!

Old man : Ha-ha. Let me see that, Suiseiseki. If you do this, a cup of hot tea will cool down nicely.

Suiseiseki : Um. Well, of course it would. I just didn't know it already though.
  