
  *OP*



It’s gonna rain tonight





*Gunshots*




Yargh!




Urgh!





You’re Senator Beriam’s wife. I think I’m gonna switch things up a little.





Is that booze?




Wargh!




Let’s see why that box is so important to you, gramps.





There is one way to keep the Rail Tracer from sneaking up on us.



*Panting*



1931



*Panting* Ok, hold on, ok. I-uh…how should I put this? I have an idea, see? Nobody gets hurt. That’s a great idea. Yeah? We can just-uh… settle this thing peacefully, right? Damn it! Ok, put the guns down! You don’t need ‘em. *Gasps* C’mon, guys. You’ve scared me enough. Besides, I don’t even have a penny to my name right now – I’m really sorry about that. And- I-just-uh… Come on, guys. You’re making a big mistake!



Hey, are you sure this punk is the guy we’re looking for?




I hear what you’re saying … But how many guys got a sword tattoo on their face?




His crying is really spoiling all my fun.




Hey, bean?




Yes, sir?




The crying bothers us.




It’s a nervous condition—it’s not crying!




Crying like a girl.




I said I’m not crying, you dumb jerks!




*Sighs* Ok… Let’s check. Unless you’re just anxious to have your head ventilated, you should tell me what your name is.




J-J-J-J..




Just relax — speak nice and slow.




Ja…cuzzi, Jacuzzi Splot, ok?!



*Sobs* It’s here. *In a shrill, panicky voice* I’m too late. It’s…It-It’s already taken us over. The Rail Tracer! Huh?!




Oh my God, what the hell happened here?




Uh-… oh.




Ah… Nice, Donny. Thank God!

I thought you guys were dead for sure. Thank goodness! Ahhh..! I was so worried.




Donny and I are just fine, but Nick got picked up by those guys wearing the black suits.




Huh?




Boss, things are getting pretty ugly up there! Whoo-ah?




It was that black-suited orchestra. So far, it looks like a robbery.



Yeah?



*Nods*



I’m sure we can get Nick out of there later. Enough about that. What’s going on here?



It’s awful; just look at it. It’s the Rail Tracer! It has to be the Rail Tracer!

We gotta get out of here right now. If we don’t, we’re dead. We gotta go find Nick and rescue him guys. Huh?



*Gunshots*



Now, who’s doing that?



Why would there be shooting, huh? Who shoots guns on a train?! They’re not hunting, they’re shooting at people! Peeople! Killing ‘em, murdering ‘em. There’s no place to run.

But-uh….we gotta get out of here!





I never woulda guessed it. The boss of the goons giving the Russo family trouble was just some (?snot-up gunsel) 

I’m actually kind of disappointed by this— it’s pathetic! You’ve been running all over our town like you’re the goddamn Mayor, so I was expecting a little more fight than this!



Ugh. Oh, we’re serious contenders… for our weight-class. Argh.

You Mafia goons are the reason this got so ugly. Argh. Ugh.

We started- selling booze. And you killed eight of our men. Arghh. You were asking for it.

Oh yeah, we were asking for it alright.

So we decided-Argh- that-Ugh- it’d be much easier- to have all out war with the Russo family.



You just don’t know when to shut your damn lip!





If we run, then everybody on the train…They’ll die. Isaac and Miria, lil’ Mary and Czes, none of them did anything! It’s not fair. Right, it’s up to us to get rid of all those guys in black, and then take care of the Rail Tracer.



Jaccuzi!



C’mon, you guys, we’re the only ones who can save ‘em!



*They nod*





Stop. You guys gotta put your guns away quick. I’m really trying my hardest not to have to kill you.



You mean not to get killed, dontcha?



No,no, I really don’t wanna kill you. You hear that Donny? Just wait a little bit longer. Ok? Any second they’re gonna put down their guns, I swear.



What in the hell are you talking about?

Uh-Arghhh. Ughrhrhrh. Arrrghhaaaaowaaarhhhhhhhh.

Hey, what are you waiting for? An invitation?

Shoot ‘em now!



*Sobs*



*Gasps*



So you’re feeling like a big man now?



Uh? Arghh….



Run!



Awww, c’mon, I just wanna see what happens next!



I told those jerks they should’ve got out of there, I know I told them.



1930



It’s you.



Yes, Barnes.







Ennis.



Sir!



Why didn’t you kill him?



Well, sir, I thought he could be helpful. We could find out what happened first; and then we can kill him.



You do not think; you are a homunculus that I created. Next time you will kill— without hesitation.

Gentlemen, consider the miserable Barnes. Why did he try to cover his tracks in fire? What did he do with all of the finished product? Are you willing to excuse him? This man who lost the medicine that would have released you from your fears of growing old? I know I can’t allow it. And yet we must pin-point the location of the finished product… What can we do? Ah, there is one method— a method that you all know well. Barnes’s intelligence, Barnes’s experiences, Barnes’s entire life as a matter of fact can all be made my own--



Wait! Szilard, please!



Thy will done!



*Sighs* There is cause to rejoice. Barnes got two bottles of the finished product out of the building before it went up in flames.



*Sigh of relief*



But the bottles were stolen.



*Sigh of disappointment*



I know the faces of those who took them. We will find the thieves and get them back. Ennis.



Sir!



There also seems to be a man who is seeking you.



Uh?



I will tell you about him now. Ennis.



Yes?



Find that group of four first.



Yes, sir.



1931



Yeah, yeah. Well, we’re doing everything that can be done at this point. Yeah. Aw, I’m terribly sorry.



I thought I’d told you to find him as soon as possible. I hate to think of what is going to happen to you if you don’t bring me Dallas Genoird.



Uh-uh- uh- I’m gonna find him, sir, I can promise you that.



I pray those are not just empty words.



Uh--You assholes! You make me look like a complete idiot because you got no idea how to do your damn jobs!



Oh…



What about the newspaper?



What they gave us was less than nothing; they wouldn’t give a penny to none Dallas.



Nothing?



They wouldn’t sell us anymore on him.



Argh...



*Gasp*



I’ll go there. I can’t let some damn newspaper treat us this way. Mm.

Sheer freedom of the press, they’re definitely hiding something!







He’s an incompetent man, perfectly expendable.



Remember, this has to be done quietly.



How did that juvenile delinquent end up with an immortal body?



Apparently, he was given some of the unfinished product. He doesn’t suffer any physical harm, but aging…



Goes on. He’s granted no perpetual youth.



We are pursuing an enigma, and a dangerous and complicated one at that. But, if I can get my hands on it, I am promised a gift beyond comprehension. And in human happiness… Sounds like it might just be worth the price of losing my son. Huey Laforet is in custody. I’ll have the lead if I move now.







No, not this week.







Firo Prochainezo, do you swear to answer the questions I am about to ask you honestly and truthfully?



Yes.



Do you freely admit you wish to become a Camorrista?



Yes.



The Camorra is an organization born in the cell blocks of our mother country, Italy. When you choose this path, you have to be willing to suffer for us, to exchange your freedom for imprisonment. Your very life may need to be forfeited for the benefit of the organization. Do you understand that?



Yes.



Your right foot will be in a prison cell, while your left foot will be in the grave. Knowing that, are you certain you can walk your path along, while clutching the honor required of you in your right hand?



Yes.



If it should become required, do you vow to take your own life without hesitation the moment we ask you?



Yes.



If your father should kill a member of our organization, will you take his life on the orders of your senior Camorristas?



Yes...



Firo… *chuckles* You can still turn away, Firo. You’ve been a slave in the hands of our non-masters. Now you will BE the master. You will exist as a tiny cog in our organization, but understand once you control the gears from the other side, there is no possibility of going back. Knowing you as I do, I think you could find plenty of ways to make a name for yourself more legitimately. You have the means. Firo Prochainezo, are you still willing to commit yourself to us completely?



*Nods* Yes. You have my loyalty.



Well, then you must demonstrate your loyalty.





Alright, we have to go and find our posse.



Let’s do it!



Yeah, we’re a search party.



To the rescue!



I have no idea what’s going on with the black suits and the white suits, and that strange fellow with the knife, but I have guns and I’m not afraid to use them if it’ll help us make our daring escape.



Incredible!



Listen to me, Mary. And you too, Czes. Both of you need to go and hide. Don’t worry; I know that when your father finds out about this he’ll make everything alright.



*Nods*



Now, Czes, you must take care of Mary, ok?



Yes, ma’am. Ready?



Oh. Ah.



Good evening, ma’am. You’re senator Beriam’s wife if I’m not mistaken?



You may call me Goose if you’d like. There is a sensitive matter we would like your husband’s help with, if it isn’t too much trouble. Would you please come with us?



Please, promise me that you won’t do anything to harm the other passengers.



Well, that really depends upon your husband and the government at this point.





Welcome, sir.



I got a question for you.



Gustavo Baggetta, the Runorata family, how extremely rare to see a capo of your stature, sir! Your presence is an honor.



How the hell do you know me, asshole?



To be honest, sir, there isn’t much of anything we don’t know.



Then this won’t take much time. I understand you acted rather condescendingly to my boys before.



Condescendingly? No, no, not at all! We always strive to provide our customers with the most professional service possible.



Mm.



Heh…



You only got about one second to tell me where Dallas Genoird is.



Wait, give me a minute here. Uh-



Tell me what you know or die!



Ok, I’ll tell ya, please just let me go. Ah…



Don’t you pass out on me. Tell me, where in the hell is Dallas Genoird.



Honestly, we really don’t know anything more…than I already told your men.

But that doesn’t mean I don’t have any pertinent information.



You better GET pertinent real quick.



The Gandor family is also after Dallas Genoird.



The Gandors?



Makes you wonder, huh?

How big of a problem would it be if the Gandors got their hands on Dallas first?



*Gasps*



How am I gonna get a jump on the Gandors?



Dallas Genoird has a younger sister. He’s quite fond of her, and treats her very well, considering he’s a scoundrel.



And…?



You wanna catch the pesky fish, you’re gonna need to use the right bait.



Mmm, uh, errrr…



You two have no grudge, correct?

If you stab your opponent in the chest or head I will kill you on the spot, capisce? You understand?

Very well. You may begin.



Gentlemen, the match is over.



*Yaay, yes, hooray*



Firo!



God, boy, that was amazing Firo!



You beat Maiza so quick. It was incredible!



Yeah, well, I’m a little bit surprised myself.



Congratulations, Firo.



Maiza…Thanks. Your arm…



Haha, you’ve gotten better! I’ve been watching you many years, my boy. Maiza, this young man is the first to ever lay a scratch on you.



What else can we say? You will be a superb Camorrista, Firo. Welcome.



Thanks.



In celebration of your joining our ranks, I will fire the ceremonial pistola.



*yaaay*



Nooo, Nooo, Isaac’s been killed. *Cries*





Tell me where your daughter is. What’s wrong?



Those men in white suites…They took her away.



Who are they?



I don’t know. At first they seemed to be looking for both of us, but they…they only took her.



My sympathies. I’m afraid for now that doesn’t change anything. You’ll come with us. Wait.



*Gasps*



Who opened this window?



A woman wearing fatigues who was sitting there earlier.



A woman wearing fatigues?
Yes! She just jumped out when the shooting started. But… I-I don’t know where she was going. I swear it’s the truth! 

 Listen up there, I want everyone to be on the lookout for a woman dressed in fatigues.

 Message from Goose. He says we need to find a woman dressed in fatigues.

 What, is he kidding us?

 I’m gonna go take a look around. You keep an eye on things here. 

 *Sighs* 

 What’s wrong? 
 Hey, where the hell is George? 

 He…he’s gone. 

 What?

 He’s just gone!! I turned around, he disappeared! *holds head* 
 Argh! *snatched by Vino* 

 Nooooo! 
-----------------------------------
 Ending 
どこまでも。。。
・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・

 Preview 

 Miria, it’s the Rail Tracer! 

 That’s scary!

 It says it slaughters covertly.

 That means it’s sneaking around killing everyone again and again, right? 

 That’s amazing, Miria! 

 Uh-err, what does the ‘’inside the coaches’’ part mean? 

 I’m scared… 
