
  Pilot: I finished checking on the passengers.
We don't have anyone who's injured or has a high fever,
...or who's already dead.

Captain: Your family. They're all in Tokyo, aren't they?

Pilot: No one's answered any my calls.
Tokonosu Tower, JX089, ready to take off.

Control Tower: JX089, Tokonosu Tower, ah, you might wanna keep us on runway, got it?
We have a little bit of... problem.

OP

Rika: What a scumbag.

Tajima: He is an actor. He came to Tokonosu for shooting a film.
Distance forty-five hundred.
Angel of elevation minus six, almost no wind, no need for correction.
All right, looks like you've got a green light.
Bravo!
Confirming all targets on the runway are now neutralized.
Over.

Rika: *sigh*

Tajima: What are you doing?

Rika: I 've been laying on my boobs all morning.
They feel almost numb.

Tajima: You know, I can massage them for you.

Rika: I'd let you if you were a better sniper than me.

Tajima: Oh come on, you're one of the top five shooters in the force.
XXX I rank fifteen?

Rika: Guess you not feeling a man.

Tajima: So how do you think they got here?
I mean this is an airport on an island.
You can only get here by boat.
They've been restricting the entry, right?

Rika: Only important officials and technicians they need to maintain the airport and their family members.
Someone among them must have gotten infected.
It's not that bad right now, but we don't know how long it stays that way.

Tajima: Who knows what would've happened if they wouldn't have had us come along?
These guys xxx in fact.
Although, it's not like we have an endless supply of bullets or anything.

Rika: So, you are going to run away?

Tajima: No, I'm not. At least not yet.

Rika: I'm going to the city. Sooner or later.

Tajima: You've got a boyfriend or something?

Rika: I've got a friend there.


<Bus>

Shidou: Exactly, that's why we should secure a safe place first, then make moves together,
rather than making random moves on our own.
Isn't that why you [forage] a leader?
Truly, we should wait until we're ready to act as a desciplined group to confirm the safty of our family members.
Going off half cocked on our own only xxx inevitable tragedy.


Saya: Hirano, xxx. Stop.

Kota: Takagi. Moring.
Is it time to get up already?

Saya: Yes, It's morning. Ah, and you're drooling.

Kota: Sorry.
Look at that. I think it's better to evacuate to the suburbs.

Saya: Cars are not the only way to get outta here.

Kota: The airport on the ocean, you're right.

Saya: It's far too dangerous to be anywhere in the city.
I bet a bunch of people are trying to escape to some island,
or some isolated area with some kind of strong military presence or something.

Kota: Like Okinawa?
But the American military that's stationed there isn't there to fight.
Oh, but there are the Self defense forces.

Saya: If the militaly has taken appropiate measures,
then I'm betting Hokkaido or Kyushu should be okay, too.
If planes are leaving, then all the flights are heading to those areas.

Kota: So you think maybe we should head that way too?

Saya: It's too late!
The areas with heavy presence of Self-Defense forses and American military may be
managing to keep them under control.
But I'm sure they've already started to adopt a stern policy toward letting anybody else in.
No, sooner or later it's going to be that way everywhere in the world.
I mean, what would you do in the same situation?

Kota: I'll seclude myself.

Saya: What will happen if everyone in this world starts thinking that way?
What if they start focusing only on keeping their community as small as possible in order to survive?

Kota: You really are some very well of in this questions, you know that?

Saya: What are you talking about?
Look at him.
You can already see that in him.
Although I doubt that he knows it himself.
You know, this all happened overnight.

Kota: Should I interrupt them?

Saya: Forget the pervy teacher and sluty little xxx over there.
I should consult with someone that I can trust.
Jeez, I could have talked to Komuro if he were here.

Kota: Yah, You like Komuro, I know.

Saya: Don't be ridiculous!
What?

Saeko: I'm getting worried about Komuro and the others.
I hope they can hold until we meet up.

Yakuza: That's right! You run!
All of you run like hell!

Rei: This is absolutely nuts.
It's... it's like a war.

Takashi: And we xxxxxx
Dangerous place to be.
Hold on tight.

Yakuza: Hey!

Takashi: Hold onto me, Rei.

Rei: We're not dead.
Why are these maniac shooting at us?

Takashi: The whole world has gone clazy, Rei.
We can't trust anyone.

Rei: We can't trust anyone...
What? The bridge is straight ahead.

Takashi: I know, but did you see it?
At this rate, we don't know when we'll be able to cross.
We'll head to Onbetsu bridge and meet up with the teachers and the others.

Police: I repeat. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Entire city is under traffic restriction.
Anyone who tries to cross the river without permission will be stopped.
Crossing the river by foot is not permitted.

Poloceman: Come back here!

Boy: Did you just xxx her dress?
Move, bitch!

Girl: So annoying you old hag.

Boy2: Get out of the way.

Police: You over there! Get back now!
Do not try to cross the bridge.
This is the last warning.

Boy: Give me a break!
Who's gonna listen to virtuous stupid cops?!
It's everymen xxxx these days ass hole
Girl: You are so cool　Hidechan
Police: Use water
Girl: There must be some mistake
I was just going along to be safe
Police:xxxx
Sidou: I know we'll xxx wandering school
but I hope that you are all continue
xxxxxxx pride your school has still been each and everyone of you

Sidou:Pride a xxxxx
It is the pride that we keep us together
Not been glorious pride ourself but pride of group or family
and realize this my dear friends Komoro Miyamoto
what xxxxx be our family

Saya:This guys are got their maniac

Saeko:Got that right
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx something a cult religious group

Saya: He doesn't sound like xxx it is
Look at the slavery idiots xxx every word
Like a bunch of xxxx
xxxxxxx
I need to get out of here
11:15
  