
  Once upon a time, there was a man who died.

All the stories the man spun came true, so the King, the nobility and the kingdom's rich all went to him to get him to write them stories.

But when they saw their wishes granted, stark terror of his power seized them and they began to abhor him.

When the man finally died, the people rejoiced that this wellspring of misfortune had dried up.

No one heard the echoing sound of the dead man's scornful laughter.
scornful【形】軽蔑に満ちた、軽蔑した、冷笑的な、横柄な ws:start:WikiTextMediaRule:0:&lt;img src=&quot;http://www.wikispaces.com/site/embedthumbnail/youtube/jl5hWPqw7oY?h=187&amp;w=252&quot; class=&quot;WikiMedia WikiMediaYoutube&quot; id=&quot;wikitext@@media@@type=&amp;quot;youtube&amp;quot; key=&amp;quot;jl5hWPqw7oY&amp;quot; height=&amp;quot;187&amp;quot; width=&amp;quot;252&amp;quot; align=&amp;quot;right&amp;quot;&quot; title=&quot;YouTube Video&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;height=&quot;187&quot; width=&quot;252&quot;/&gt;  ws:end:WikiTextMediaRule:0 


Duck: Did Mytho get to go back to being the Prince?
He defeated the Raven's blood!
I get it!
Fakir wrote a story about Mytho.
Oh! And Rue went back to being Rue, too!
I'm so glad!
I'm so glad!
Everybody looks like they're having fun!
I wanna dance with them, too!
Quack?
Oh, so I went back to being a duck?
Quack...
Right, the Prince got all of his heart back, so that means Princess Tutu's role is finished.
I've gone back to being a plain old duck.
Fakir, Rue, Mytho.....
It looks like I was unable to help the Prince at all.
I just watched.
Huh? Ah....
So that was a dream?

Duck: I wonder if Fakir finished his story about Mytho.
What kind of story will he make it?
I wonder if I'll be in it, too.
Huh?
Is that Fakir?

Duck: You are doing research?

Fakir: Yes.

Duck: Oh! So.... Uh..... Did you write a story about My.......wow.!

Fakir: No. I haven't written it yet.

Duck: Oh, well, that's OK.
Then, you wanna get started on it now, that faster we help Mytho, right?

Fakir: It's not that everything I write comes true.
And I don't even know yet whether or not I still have the same power.

Duck: I...I'm sure it will turn out just fine!
Everything will turn out just fine. 万事［すべて］うまくいきますよ。
I mean, if you wish "I wanna help Mytho" really hard as you write, this time you'll succeed for sure....
I'm sorry Fakir, when I said this time I didn't mean the time when your father and mother were .... so..... you see......
I'm sorry.....

Oh... I'm stupid, stupid, stupid!!
Fakir said he'd write it.
But I had to go get all impatient and do that!
Um? Hello? What?

Hammerhead Batson: Mr. Fakir from the ballet division...
You want to check out these five books?

Fakir: Yes.

Hammerhead Batson: Oh, and that book over there.

Fakir: What?

Hammerhead Batson: I was asked to give it to you if you came.

Fakir: To me?

Hammerhead Batson: Mr.Autor from the music division asked me.

Fakir: I don't know him.

Hammerhead Batson: Oh, you know what......I thought so....
you know what〈話〉あのね、なんと◆最新情報を伝えようとするときなど、相手の注意を喚起するために用いられる
Fakir: What is it?

Hammerhead Batson: Nothing much.
Nothing much.まあまあだね。／変わりないよ。／いつも通りさ。◆「元気？」、「どうしたの？」などへの応答として。It's strange but Mr.Autor has borrowed all five of these books before.

Fakir: What?!
Autor, who is he?

Mr.Cat: All right then, everybody, I'll pass them out in turn, so please line up!

Pike: Hey, Duck! You look like you're spacing out!
space: 【自動】〈俗〉ぼうぜんとする、ぼんやりする◆【用法】通例space outで用いる。I beg you were so happy you couldn't sleep last night, huh?

Duck: Huh? Happy about what?

Lilie: Oh, she is always spaced out, but we'll let it go.
let it go: あきらめろ。／放っておけ。／どうでもいいことです。／離せ!
Pike: Cause today is the long-awaited first pointe lesson!

Duck: Pointe lesson?! Is it really?

Pike: POINTE, what every girl dreams [of] from the day that she decides to become a ballerina!

Lilie: The long for days of broken nails and painful blood blisters!

*blister【名】〔皮膚にできる〕水膨れ、火膨れ、まめ

Mr.Cat: Correct!
And that's why I can't have you taking the flippant attitude that leads to talking in class!
You hear me?

Pike & Lilie: Yes, sir!

Mr.Cat: Now, Miss Lilie, your toe shoes.

Lilie: Sir!

Pike: Finally!

Mr.Cat: Miss Pike.

Pike: Sir!

Duck: Toe shoes....
When I'm Tutu, I can do pointe like it's no big deal.
But I wonder if a day will come when I can dance a pas de deux with the Prince like that while I'm Duck.

Mr.Cat: Miss Duck.

Duck: Huh! Yes, sir!

Mr.Cat: I am sorry, but at the moment I'm afraid I can't give you toe shoes.
Your concentration, Miss Duck, has been lacking even more than before. As if you even lost your eagerness.
Is it possible you've come to the conclusion that you can't do anything and so, as a result, you've decided to stop trying to move forward altogether?

Duck: Well, I.....
If I really could help Mytho by myself, Fakir, I wouldn't be asking you.
But right now, I can't do anything.
What can I do?

Mr.Cat: I'm worried.
I truly am worried.
I fear your desire to marry me has caused you to be deliberately remiss about your lessons.

Lilie: Nonsense! Marrying you is too great of an honor; Duck would be afraid to even think of it!

Mr.Cat: Miss Duck, please, watch everyone else's practice today.

Duck: Yes, sir!

Pike: I'm... gonna die!

Lilie: So this is the pain of pointe, huh?
I wish Duck could share this.

Duck: I'm always watching.
Even when Fakir is trying hard, I'm just watching.
Maybe that dream was prophetic.
prophetic【形】予言的な
Fakir: A guy from the music division?
What's this about?
What's this all about? これは一体どういうことですか？◆妙な事態について。
Autor: You're late.
It took you 18 days, 7 hours, and 24 minutes.

Fakir: What are you talking about?

Autor: That's how long it took from the time you began to research your power until you noticed me.
Mr. Fakir.

Fakir: I take it you're Autor, then.
What is this about?

Autor: Assumed you hadn't read it, so I set it aside.
I think you'll find it useful for when you start writing your stories.

Fakir: Oh, really?
And what do you know?

Autor: Huh? Everything you've been dying to know!

Fakir: What?

Duck: Huh? Who is that?
Huh? Fakir?

Fakir: I'm asking you who you are!

Autor: You are short-tempered as everyone says you are.
But, remember this: brute force has no power in the face of words.

You want Drosselmeyer's power because you're also aware of that truth, yes?

Duck: Drosselmeyer's power?

Autor: The power to make stories into reality.
It's splendid.
And the books that have had their endings stolen by those who wish to stop them from becoming reality.
Isn't it thrilling?!

Fakir: You mean they took out the endings to stop them from becoming real?

Autor: Yes!
Even though the originals are sealed away, and all we can get hold of are the copies.
Imagine!
A power so strong those endings still had to be torn out...
If you're serious about attaining that power, I wouldn't mind helping you.
serious about《be ～》～に真面目［本気・マジ］である、～のことを本気にしている、～に本腰を入れているBut you'll have to follow my every order.
And be prepared to die if you should fail.

Duck: What do you mean?
"Follow my every order"?
"Be prepared to die"?
What the heck are you talking about?
Why should he have to do those things, huh?!

Autor: I'm giving him a warning!
Do not take Drosselmeyer's power lightly.
If you use it improperly, there will be hell to pay.
(力の使い方を間違えれば、とんでもないことになる）
People may even die.
You need to be prepared for that possibility.
prepared for the possibility that《be ～》〔that以下〕という可能性を心に留めておくIf you want out, I won't force you.
want out 外に出たい、抜け出したい、やめたい
Fakir: No. Teach me.

Duck: Fakir?

Autor: Oh, wise decision.
Come to my house tomorrow.
I'll be waiting, Fakir.

Bookmen: He's awakened.

Bookmen: This is dangerous.

Bookmen: We must take steps.
take steps対策を講じる
Bookmen: We must destroy him. He's gone too far.

Bookmen: Then let us kill him.

Used Bookstore Owner: Now, now, hold on.
It seems he's gained the knowledge, but that's all.
It wouldn't be a bad thing for us to watch for a little longer.
Nothing could be better than if this matter settled itself without mishap.
mishap【名】〈文〉不運、不幸 不運な出来事、災難◆misfortuneやadversityに比べて重大な結果を招かないものを指すことが多い。mischanceとほぼ同じ意味で使われる。◆【同】mischanceBut.
If necessary, we'll take steps.
When the time comes that we need to do so.

Drosselmeyer: Oh, dear, they've finally begun to go into action.
If they do that, the story will stop!
Oh, not good. This is extremely bad news indeed, Little Duck!


Duck: Say, Fakir?
I've been thinking and I've decided I'm gonna help you.

Fakir: Huh?

Duck: Well, cause that's the only thing I can really do right now.
So I'm just gonna do what I can with all I've got!
If there is something I can help you with, tell me, no matter what it is!
But isn't there something weird about that Autor guy?
I wonder if this is okay?

Fakir: Weird or not, we have no choice.

Autor: No entourage.
entourage【名】〈フランス語〉〔有力者の〕側近、取り巻き◆【語源】動詞entourer（取り囲む）から。 発音ɑ`ːntərɑ'ːʒ、
Duck: What? You mean me, Mr. Autor?
I just....

Autor: I won't repeat myself.

Duck: Umm....

Autor: Things relating to Drosselmeyer are gathered inside this house.
It is a holy place.

Uzura: Are you the weird Autor zura?

Autor: People like you two who're totally unrelated aren't allowed inside!
Now, come, Fakir!

Duck: What? "Unrelated"?

Fakir: Please take Uzura and go home.

Duck: Uh. Good luck, Fakir.

Autor: This is Drosselmeyer's study, perfectly recreated from the data I gathered.
Paper made from ten-years-old reeds, blue and black ink [out of/at] seven to three ratio.
The featehr of a white swan that's crossed the sea three times is best for the pen but, for this pen I substituted a duck's feather.

Fakir: So then....
What was that for?!

Autor: Ritual ablutions.
They say Drosselmeyer always cleansed his body with water before he wrote his stories.
Didn't you know?

Fakir: Why shold I?

Autor: A direct descendant of Drosselmeyer's, and this is your level?
direct descendant of　～の直系の子孫
Fakir: A direct descendant of Drosselmeyer?

Autor: Oh, no.
You're not going to say you didn't know that either, are you?
It's a fact about yourself!
You really take the cake.
This is a Drosselmeyer family tree that I drew after my own research.
Look.
Drosselmeyer is here and here you are.
I believe I'm probably connected this way from this branch, but I don't have all the evidence yet.
The one who helped my father when he was lost as a boy is this person written here, I know that much.

Fakir: I have Dorosselmeyer's blood.....
Does that mean those books missing their endings are the things Drosselmeyer wrote?
Then the fact that I saw one of those endings is....

Duck: Fakir hasn't come back from Autor's house since then.
I'm....I'm just waiting.

Mr. Cat: Everybody, pay attention!
Today Miss Rue and Mr.Mytho will demonstrate the art of dance [perfectly].
(今日はるぅさんとみゅうとさんに息の合った模範演技を見せていただきます。）
All you, please watch Miss Rue's pointe work very closely.

Duck: I'm just watching again.
Rue....

Rue: Ah! That hurts!

Mr.Cat: Miss Rue!

Mytho: You hesitated to take my hand!
Can you really say you love me?!

Pike: No way!

Lilie: Oh, breakup!

Duck: Rue! Are you OK?

Mr.Cat: Miss Rue!
Mr.Mytho, what's wrong?
Aren't you two getting marr......
It looks like it was too soon for Mr.Mytho to get married after all.
The day may come when special marriage training is necessary.

Duck: Mytho was always kind to Rue, but he's changing more and more.
Fakir! Fakir!

Autor: Would you be quiet?!

Duck: Am... Is Fakir...?
Fakir? Oh! Fakir, hang on! Hanging in there!
What did you do to him?!

Autor: Nothing.

Duck: LIAR!

Autor: It's true.
He's been standing there three days, not eating, not sleeping, nothing...

Duck: Why did you make him do that?!

Autor: He'll be able to hone his mind this way.
hone【名】砥石◆特にかみそり用の【他動】～を砥石で研ぐ（能力）に磨きをかける、（技能・腕を）磨く、鍛えるIf he can't even [?intrude?] this, he's lost course.

Duck: YOU KNOW YOU'RE HORRIBLE!

Fakir: I'm fine....

Duck: Fakir?

Autor: Then stop lying on the floor and stand!
Tonight we'll test your aptitude.
Keep going until then.

Autor: Here in Gold Crown town, there was an oak tree that they said the tale-spinners used to test themselves very long time ago.
If you touch that oak when the bell has just finished tolling midnight, you should be able to hear its voice if you have the power.
That's the proof of your gift!
Incidentally, I clealy heard the tree make a sound like a faint sigh.
Without the power, someone would likely think it was just the wind.

Duck: But where is the oak tree?

Autor: You're quite observant.
observant 【名】厳守する人【形】よく見ている、知覚力の鋭い、観察の鋭い、目を配る、機敏な・You are not very observant. : あなたはあまり観察力が鋭くない。The oak tree was felled long ago.
Its routs alone are sleeping beneath this museum.
beneath【前】～の真下にAnd one of the stones strewn here is the sole entrance through which the oak tree can be contacted.
strewn【形】ばらまかれた、まき散らされた【動】＝strewの過去分詞形

Although even I had some trouble finding [out?字幕にはあり] which stone it was.
I'll tell you as a special... Ah!

Duck: Huh?

Autor: Ah!
I'm impressed!
Just what you'd expect from a direct descendant; I guess I'll give you that.

Duck: Huh?

Autor: That the sole position from which you can hear the oak tree.
But be prepared.
There are also many who have messed up the contact, and gotten sucked in by the tree, ultimatlely losing their lives.

Duck: No way!
Fakir, maybe you shouldn't after all!

Fakir: Weren't you the one who told me to hurry up and write?

Duck: I'm sorry! Fakir, I'm sorry!
I don't think this was being a major thing!
major:〔危険や病気などが〕深刻な、命にかかわる◆【反】minorI didn't know!
I thought it was just writing!
But....but now....!

Autor: Midnight!



Autor: Don't get in the way!

Duck: Fakir, stop!

Autor: It seems it was no good after all.
Hey. Hey!
You should just give up already and...
AHHHH!!

Duck: Fakir! Fakir? FAKIR!!


What you can hear makes no sound.
See what cannot be seen.
Hear what cannot be heard.

Fakir: Who are you?

Oak tree: Submerge yourself in the bog of truth that lies far, far away.




No. This is... A heartbeat.


Don't let the oak tree suck you in!

Fakir: I.....

Oak tree: Everything is one. One is everything.
All stories will be spun into one.
The beginning is the end.
The end is the beginning.




The end, the fate for which it's meant.
Existence is false. Truth is nothingness.


In the end become one with everything else.
I'll watch over everyone in this way, and go towards the eternal ending....

Oak tree: To those who accept everything, happiness.
To those who resist everything, glory.
(全てを受け入れるものに幸いを。全てに抗うものに栄光を）

Tutu: Fakir!

Oak tree: To those who accept everything, happiness.

Tutu: Fakir! Fakir!
Fakir, answer me! 
Let me hear your voice!

Oak tree: To those who resit everything, glory.

Fakir: Duck....

Tutu: Answer me, Fakir...
Fakir!

Autor: He....he was ....chosen.....

Tutu: I'm sorry, Fakir.
I couldn't do anything.....
Nothing....

Fakir: I heard a voice.

Tutu: Ah...

Fakir: It was yours.

Rue: Someday, the prince will become my prince alone.

Mytho: What am I? What should I do?
Should I love? Can I love? If so, how?
NO! I will BE loved!
Love me! Love me only alone!
Everyone, throw away your lives, and love me!

(everyone は単数扱いだと思うのですが、字幕も吹替えも「lives」となっています)

Drosselmeyer: This is bad.
The story's turning tragic just as I wanted it to, but what [??goteessitface???] stop it before the end.
（やつらのせいでとまってしまう！）
That won't do! That won't do at all!
I will not stand for that, you repugnant firth!
(いまわしきものどもめ！）


Duck: Rue! Were you just crying?

Rue: Of course not. What are you doing here?

Uzura: Have I.... have I met you somewhere before zura?

Rue: What do you mean? 
I have never met a girl like .... Who are you?

Autor: Is this the world under the control of Drosselmeyer's stories, or not?

Fakir: So you're going to cut off my hands, then?

Mytho: Well, here, I love everyone in the world and want to protect them...,I also want to make all of the world's love my own.

Drosselmeyer: All you children who love stories, come gather around.
  