
  Are you ready, sora mai mare?

Yes. We won't be coming back here again. So whatever we need, we should take with us, okay?

I know that, sora mai mare.

Here, fratele mai mic. You'll be sora mai mare.

Yes, fratele mai mic. Shall we go now, sora mai mic?

Don't forget our tickets and passports.

I never do that. Without those, we can't go anywhere. They won't let us through any borders.

Let us be on our way, fratele mai mic.

Indeed.


Yes. Yes. That's exactly it. That was what reminded me. Right.

Hmm. Thank you, Rock. I'll be sure to return the favor.
Well, Rock recognized the language. Apparently these kids are from Count Dracula's homeland.

They're Romanian. Ah... of course they are! There were Romanian troops in Kabul. Damn, I thought those phrases sounded familiar. I should've known.

As people get older, remembering things becomes quite the task, Sergeant. It's the same with me. Rowan, the owner of the porn shop on Rachiada Street, secretly distributes black market videos, doesn't he?

Yes, I believe so. But what about him?


Oh, God...


I take it you've already swept this area clean?

This is all very secretive. If you wanted to go on a date, you should've just asked me.

Well, you can't exactly go for dinner and a movie when you've got the smell of blood on you. Chang, we know who's behind this now.

I see. That's an intriguing subject. How'd you end up finding out?

As a matter of fact, we found what we were looking for in Rowan's shop.

Pink Shop Rowan? So I take it you invited him to your office? The poor bastard must've been scared to death.

Let's just say the backseat of that Benz will never be the same.

That is unfortunate.

My specific request was for Eastern European kiddie porn featuring Romanian twins. And snuff films, as well. An hour later, he had 250 titles for me.

Hah... Again, unfortunate.

I spent a night and half of the next day, looking through these videos made for pedophiles and perverts... until I eventually hit the jackpot.
Hansel and Gretel. That's what the little brats were called in the video. After Ceaușescu was overthrown, many children were sold to the black market by institutions that could no longer afford them. Illegitimate children of the fallen dictator.

Turned into toys for child molesters. They usually end up as pig food. I'm guessing that's what these brats were destined for. So, how did they escape it?

Heh. For added entertainment, the perverts were filming the stuff that made these kids take part in the killings. They were required to kill other children; kids who were more or less in the same situation as them. In order to stay alive, these kids desperately learned methods of killing their victims that would please their twisted audience. Kill or be killed. At some point, they must've just accepted it. Their innocence long forgotten, they descended into the world of shadows.

Heh. Like a couple of stunt dogs in the movies, huh? Heh. That's one dark fairy tale. But somehow fitting for our world, wouldn't you say? You know, sometimes I feel I'm just wading through a giant sea of shit. Ah, well, morality and justice have never really suited me. Words like that are surprisingly similar to the stuff that comes outta your ass. I have about as much sympathy for those kids as I do for the people who peach world peace while they're dropping bombs on their neighbors.

I'm just telling you what I know, Chang. I don't think there's any need for justice. All we really need is profit and trust.

Hmm...

Once we got to Rowan, the rest was easy.

I see. So, this was the source, huh? Having one of your own killed does work as a perfect alibi.

Those kids were intended for show. No one ever taught them any manners. All they know how to do is cause trouble and spread disaster. Your men just happened to get caught in their wake.

Whatever the reason, someone's gonna have to pay for this.


What is going on?! Damn it!
All they have to do is get rid of that Ivan bitch!
So why the fuck [am I up to find naked] dead bodies?!

Boss.

Yeah?

Now let's cut our losses and get rid of them.

......

Er... Well, if we stop now, we could still make it look like we're the ones who got rid of these brats who are causing all the trouble, right? We could do it now without any questions being asked. But, if we wait...

When I want your fucking opinion, I'll ask you for it. Or maybe you want my job, is that it?!

Agh, but Boss... they're too much to handle...

Oh... Well, why didn't you say so?! Too much to handle, are they?! Why do you think I called those brats here in the first place?!


I think we're long overdue for a little housecleaning in this city.

I definitely wouldn't miss those tiresome meetings. Does this mean you're planning to start another war?

Personally, I prefer the term "controlled conflict." And no one can say we don't have good reason.

So, you're telling me this is a just war? And since when does that kind of thing matter to you?

If it provides an excuse, then it matters. Though I could care less whether it's just or not.

Hmm...

Join us or forget about it. It's up to you.

Yeah, what the hell. It's not like I need to consult Hong Kong on this. In the end, there's only one thing you can trust in this world, and that's brute force.

Does this mean we'll get to see you with a gun in hand again? I'm looking forward to it, Baby.

I don't dislike getting in the game once in a while, but in my position, it's not that simple. It's a real drag. Oh, and one other thing... You can stop calling me "Baby." I won't lie, I hate that nickname.


Kapitän?

Sergeant. Chang has agreed to our proposal. As of right now, we will be fighting alongside the Hong Kong Triad.

Roger.

Get a message to our fellow comrades. Standby for combat, as of nineteen-o-five. I predict "Regulation 217, Case Number Five." Do you copy, Sergeant?

Assumed combat, from nineteen-o-five. You predict a snatch mission within the city's controlled battlegrounds.

Correct. I also predict chaos. With all the bounty hunters in town, it's like [multi glut] down there.

It's better for us that it is lively, Kapitän. Nothing provides cover like the sound of gunfire.

You're right about that, Sergeant. We can justify this one attack, but not a full-scale war. Let's make it count.


Lemme tell you something else! I bet you don't know the Bosses of Palermo have actually showed some interest in this damn backward piece of shit city! Now they've started to question my leadership because I haven't been able to take control! All you useless bastards better listen up! Unless I do something about it now, what happens to me at the next meeting of the families?! Take a guess! Damn it!

Uh... um, Boss?

Fuck!

It's just... that... the twins...

Wha... Those little bastards? Hey... I-I thought I told you to never come here! Wh-wh-wh-what... what the hell are you doing?!

The two of us talked it over and made a decision.

You did, did you...

Yes. We'll have borscht for our main course. But, we're gonna start with the macaroni, okay?



BLACK
LAGOON



Now... Now you've done it, you damn brats! That's it!

I think our macaroni just boiled over.

Fuckin' bastards! It's time for you to die!


Hmm...

Dairou Chang. We now have the building completely surrounded. We're ready to move in on your order.

Hah... Cho.

Yes?

If I were you, I would duck right about now.

Huh?

Looks like this job just turned into a hunt.
Get Hotel Moscow on the line. They're gonna owe me for this one.


Revy. The cops are on the move. Looks like half the force is here. They're setting up roadblock behind me. Apparently it's the Verrocchio family. Something happened to their place. Revy! Are we just gonna sit and watch this from the sidelines?

I know. Now can you stop shouting in my ear? So, where are we meeting up?

Joey got a room at the Palcana Square. Now hurry your ass up!

Shit. The fuse is lit in the way we go. There ain't no stopping it now.


All units, attention!

Comrades. Earlier tonight, there was an assault on the Verrocchio Family. However, this changes nothing. We commence our mission right here and now! My brave comrades. As you know, Private Sakharov and Corporal Menshov were irreplaceable brothers-in-arms. It falls to us to light the candles for their souls. Let our guns rain down a terrible vengeance upon their killers. Our Kalashnikovs will be their judge. We'll tear apart their flesh with the gunfire of our AK-47s!

(war cry)


Dai lo Chang. I got a message from Hotel Moscow saying it's not safe for us here. They recommend that we pull out. Now.

Hah... That's pretty clever.

Uh...

In any case, it's too late now. And Cho. Duck!
Get down!

Not bad! You're good at this!

Well, thank you, young lady!

Unfortunately, I won't have the time to deal with you today. Maybe some other time!

Why does that put me at ease?


The fire was at the Verrocchio place. Sounds like Watsap is questioning the Triad about it right now. I'd say this route just got closer to the gold.

Opening night fireworks are about to begin. Hallelujah!

Listen. It's a black sedan. Japanese-make. If they ditch the car, we have no way of knowing who they are.

Big fucking deal. I'm shooting anyone I see.

Hey, don't push!

Revy. Come here.

Huh? What is it, Eda?

I just realized something. Take a look around.

What do you mean? Stop beating around the fucking bush.

It's Balalaika. She's got the biggest score to settle with those two brats. But I'm looking around and I don't see her here.

Yeah, now that you mention it.

Right? If this was really where it's going down, we would be shut out of the area by now. So, where would the twins go?

Well, they're just a couple of dumb fucks, but if they have a target, it has to be Balalaika. Anyone else was a diversion, or just people who got in their way.

Balalaika deployed the Visotoniki so she could get the kids come to her. She'll kill them herself.

But the thing about soldiers is they're pragmatic. They won't act on speculation. The brats will look for a blind spot.

These idiots must think this is a deer hunt in Montana or something. But these are no deer. These twins are coyotes. They won't be easy prey.

Yeah. If they were stupid enough to fall for a trap like this, they'd be rotting under a tombstone by now.

For someone with no education, you catch on pretty quick, Revy. So what do you think? What's the fastest route from here to Hotel Moscow? We're gonna have to use backstreets.

We'll cut through Chalquam Market and then just straight down Saatanam Street. But more importantly, last time I checked, you had no education either, you fuckin' whore.


I'm sorry for your loss, Chang.

Appreciate it. If I'd known those kids were gonna be in there, I would've brought my shooters with me. Thanks to them, I have to walk home now. Perfect end to a perfect night. Oh, I took care of Watsap for you. I figured you could do without him getting in your way, so I gave him a tip and sent him off on a wild goose chase. I'll let you figure out how to pay me back.

Shrewd as always, Chang. I definitely owe you one for that. Everything's going according to plan. Things should be getting started any time now.


There it is! That's the car!

No mistaking it: Black sedan, Japanese-make!

Are the twins inside?

I can't tell with those tinted windows! Why now waiting to find out? Let's pull 'em away!

Ow! You bastards!

You can go to hell!

Did we get 'em?

Hold up! That kid ain't white!

Those are a couple of local kids! Damn it!

We missed them!

Fuck!

Shit!

Watsap's headed south for the fishing port.

That's where they are! Smoke 'em out!

C'mon! Get the car!


I'm glad we decided to do that, sora mai mare. And since it only cost 5,000 baht, we didn't even have to spend much money.

That's true! But I do feel kinda sorry for him. He said he was an orphan.

It's not our fault, though. It's either kill or be killed, remember? That's what this world is all about.

You're right, fratele mai mic. It wasn't our fault.

You see. So, c'mon! Let's go kill. Let's keep killing.


Enemy located.

The team stationed behind Chalquam Street has engaged the enemy. They're now attempting to divert them.

Good. In which direction are the kids headed?

Heading east, as planned. They should be reaching Ladoga Point any minute now.

Target has gone left.

No surprises. They're going the way we want.

Unit Three engaged them at Ladoga Point, and they were able to successfully divert them towards Livinsk. All units stand by.

I need a unit stationed at Hamipon Street immediately.

Right.

We only want to leave them one exit. Have all squads fall back after they've completed their assignments. Their objective is to guide the enemy.
Hmm? Which team was that?

None of our troops are stationed in that area. It could be a bounty hunter. All units report back!

Eliminate any interference.


Hold it. Don't move a muscle, you little brats. Y'know, it's not safe for kids to be roaming the streets this late at night. Especially when the entire city is on a manhunt, and you happen to be the prize. I guess neither of you have been saying your prayers lately.

Now it's okay. Hey! Can I ask you a question? How much are we worth? What's the bounty being offered on our heads?

Eighty grand. Don't move!

Wow. That's pretty good. If you don't mind, I'd like to discuss something with you. You see, I have all this money here from Verrocchio's office. I don't mind fighting you here if I have to, but we still have some things we wanna do. Will you accept 100,000 dollars and pretend you never saw us?

Get the fuck outta here. I'm not getting played by some kid.

What about 150,000?!

?!

Well?

Ah... Um, well, I...
What are we supposed to do, Revy?!

How is that even a question? 80 grand, 150 grand, and their lives! No reason we can't take them all, right?


We've confirmed the target's position. The Chinese woman from Lagoon Company and the sister from the Rip Off Church are there too.

They have nothing to do with our operation. You may crush them if necessary.



<Preview>

It's the smell of blood and rotten sewers. It's because you and I are the same thing!

#15
Swan Song at Dawn
  