
Rock: Over the past year, I’ve woken up with hangovers in a lot of places. Let’s see…sometimes it’s the cabin of the torpedo boat, sometimes the office of the delivery company…but usually, this is the place. A cheap hotel room overlooking downtown Roanapur. For the first time in a year, I’m leaving this city to go far away…to a place that I used to call “home”. That’s where I’m headed.


Benny: Oh, that you, Rock? Happy New Year! Although it’s pretty hard to get in the mood here when no one's celebrating. Uh-huh, just a couple of firecrackers.

Rock: Yeah? Well, they've got everything nicely decorated for the New Year here.

Benny: And how’s Revy doing?

Rock: So far, all she does is complain. She didn’t like the Tokarev she was given. She was in a bad mood all day yesterday because of that.

Benny: You’re quite the ladies’ man. You know she only went because she was worried about you.

Rock: Yeah…I’d better get going. I’ll talk to you soon.

Revy: Look, it’s started snowing. They definitely get a lot less snow here than in New York. But just seeing it again reminds me. Last time I saw snow I was still living there. That was ages ago.

Rock: So what do you think?

Revy: I’ve been hit on by a few guys already. When I say something, they look at me like a retard and say “Gaijin, Gaijin”. This country pisses me off.


Bando:今日が初顔合わせですなぁ。遠い所をよくお越しで。こっちがウチの組員共です。さて、お名前は何とお呼びすればよろしいでしょうか？

Rock: How should he address you?

Balalaika: Just “Balalaika” is fine. I’ve been briefed by Laptev. We’ve been eager to set up a base of operations in Tokyo for quite some time. So your assistance is greatly appreciated.

Bando:お宅等とウチ等が組んだら怖いモンなしや。お聞きの通り、関東和平会は兎角(とかく)外人を締め出したがっておりましてなぁ。ロシアのラプチェフさんもそうやっておん出されたクチの一つや。そこで…一つウチが助け船出そいう気になりましてねぇ。

Balalaika: But isn’t the Washimine family part of the Council?

Bando:義理ってぇのにも限度があるんですよ。親の香砂会には大層な額の上納金入れてるんや。和平会にも随分尽くしてきたつもりなんやが、それがいつまでも義理場で末席とはあんまりでしょうが。

Rock: We can only go so far in meeting the Council's call to duty. We‘ve gone to great lengths to fulfill our obligation to them. But they continue to disrespect us by keeping us at the bottom of the family ranks.

Balalaika: It would appear that our interests are mutually beneficial Mr. Bando. You wish to expand your influence with our help and of course we wish to establish ourselves in this city.

Bando:話が早い。お宅等の力で香砂会を抑えてくれたら和平会も嫌とは言えん。ウチの代門も株が上がる。お宅等ぁ、ロシアの連中の中でも一等鉄火場に慣れてるらしいが…

Balalaika: That’s funny. You're concerned about our forces? Let me assure you our forces are nothing like those in this country. In essence, we are a military force Mr. Bando. Let me show you.

[Phone call]

Balalaika: It’s me. [Case Eight], ready? Very well…

Bando:通訳さん？

Rock:すいません。軍隊用語です。

Balalaika: Unit five-five finish the job.

[Bomb]

Rock:香砂会の持つクラブを１軒、手始めに吹き飛ばしました。

Yoshida:吹っ飛ばしたぁ！？馬鹿野郎！！テメェ何考えてん…

Balalaika: Intimidation with handguns will amount to nothing. We’ve opted to make our strength known with the first strike. This is what we of Hotel Moscow consider a true show of force. We will not hesitate to destroy that which stands in our way. Do you understand? That means decimating anything and anyone.

Yoshida:ふ…ううう…

Bando:いいじゃねぇかよ。鷲峯組の喧嘩始めには一等の大花火だ。気に入ったよ。バラライカさん。


Revy: Those Yakuza were scared shitless. I don’t think they’ve met women like Balalaika in Japan.

Rock: This isn’t quite the homecoming I’d expected. I rather didn’t turn my country into a warzone.

Revy: Old Fry-Face was in a pretty good mood. There hasn’t been a big fight in Roanapur for a while now. So she's probably itching for it. I’m telling you. She gets off on this shit. She'd give up sex before she passed up a war.

Rock: Something's wrong with her.

Revy: All of them are war maniacs. I’m guessing they left a few important screws back in Afghanistan. Uh, hey Rock.

Rock: Hm?

Revy: What is that?

Rock: Oh, it’s a neighborhood fair. It’s almost the New Year.

Revy: So it’s like a carnival. Sounds like a good time! Yo, driver!

Driver: Alright. Here you go.

Revy: Hey, Rock! Where the fuck are all the rides?

Rock: You won’t find any at a traditional Japanese fare.

Revy: Hmm…


Shopkeeper: Here you go.

Revy: Yeah! That’s my third one!

Rock: Well…I suppose they don’t call you “Two Hands” for nothing right?

Revy: Got that right. As if you ever had any doubts. I'm Miss Rebecca. Give me a gun, and I’ll show you why they call me the best shot in the East! Haha…number four! It’s too bad I don’t have my Cutlass. I could close this shop down in three seconds. Of course it's next to fucking impossible to have a gunfight in this country. Hey, and you can’t bribe the cops like you can in Roanapur. If we get thrown in j-- You remembering somethin'…?

Rock: Like what?

Revy: What do you mean by “like what”? This is where you're from isn’t it? Don’t you have anyone here? You know…like family or someone…it’s not like you were born from the crotch of a tree right? →【ことわざ】木の股から生まれる

Rock: I thought noisy types weren’t too popular.

Revy: It’s nothing. Just wondering what you were thinking. That’s all. You looked like you were lost in thought for a second there.

Rock: I still remember the day you first pulled a gun on me. One year ago…time flies…

Revy: Yeah…

Rock: I don’t understand it. I used to know this place so well, but…now I feel like I don’t know it at all anymore…my family doesn’t exactly get along. My older brother turned out well, and got a government job. But I got into courage a year later and that was that…I didn’t expect much. In the end, I guess they didn’t really care…

Revy: But your folks are alive right? You should at least get in touch with them. I mean, come on, you haven’t been arrested yet. Could be your last chance. In our line of work it’s only a matter of time. From my point of view, your family is normal. Isn’t that worth it to at least go visit them? I mean, you managed to get this far without stealing or killing anyone, right? Look, don’t get me wrong. I’m just saying you might regret it if you don’t go and see 'em.

Rock: I can’t say that I’m really normal. The fact that I’m hanging around with you guys should be proof of that.

Revy: [Giggling]

Rock: What is it?

Revy: Alright. One more shot and I get the grand prize! ..What the fuck!? This thing must be weighted down!

Rock: What are you doing!?

Revy: Yeah! Tell him Rock!

Rock: Excuse me…My friend there just got your top score and she'd like to collect her prize now…

Shopkeeper: No way. She doesn’t get a prize for cheating.

Rock: He says it doesn’t count because you used the gun to knock it down…

Revy: FUCKIN' ASSHOLE! HEY! THAT’S BULLSHIT! You won’t get away with this, you cocksucker!

Shopkeeper: Get out of my face, you American Yankee bitch!

Revy: What was that!? Maybe I should use real bullets instead, asshole!

Shopkeeper: What the hell are you trying to say bitch?!

[Quarreling]

Rock: Come on Revy just let it go!

Revy: Shut up! I gotta teach this cocksucker a fucking lesson!

Shopkeeper: ...come to my country and tell me what to do!

Yukio: Ginji…

Revy: Rotten son of a bitch!

Ginji: Excuse me…May I have a word…

Revy: HUH!?

Ginji: We are in the middle of the New Year’s celebrations. Why don’t we all just try to have fun? Please, Miss. I urge you to lay your aggression aside.

Revy: And who the fuck are you!?


Black Lagoon


Rock: Revy, let’s go! We’re being a nuisance…

Revy: It sounds like you’re taking his side Rock…

Ginji: If you're going to be unreasonable, we have a problem…however the way I see it, life is short. So why don’t we all just try to enjoy what little time we’re given. Listen to me. You've had your fun, so please take your advantage of this opportunity to save face.

Revy: Ha! FUCK THAT!

Rock: Revy! Just let it go! It’s not worth it!

Revy: Heheheh…

Yukio: Um…Sweet Sake.

Revy: Huh?

Yukio: I, um…sweet sake anyone? It’s just so cold tonight. I thought rather than standing out…

Revy: Who the fuck are you?

Ginji: But, Miss…

Rock: Yes! I agree with the young lady! I’m not a big fan of fighting, so…sake it is! Alright!?


Revy: Uhm…how the fuck did we end up like this?

Rock: It’s not so bad. Besides there’s nothing to gain from making a big scene.

Revy: Shit! I’m not even in the mood anymore! The buzz is gone!

Rock: Well, thanks God for that…

Yukio: I’m really glad that you accepted my offer before things escalated…

Rock & Yukio: Well, I…Oh!

Rock: Were you saying something?

Yukio: Sorry, go ahead. I didn’t mean to cut you off.

Rock: I was just…

Revy: Hmgh…

Rock: I was just…gonna say you look like a student. Or, maybe you're one of the vendors?

Yukio: Oh? Well…yes. Actually, I’m both. Y…You see, my father was…um…my father was actually a vendor. And that man, Mr. Ginji…well my father was pretty much his mentor. If there’s ever any kind of dispute around here, everyone goes to Ginji. He is big, huh? Anyway before he realized it, Ginji had become an arbitrator of Takamati.

Rock: Is that so…

Yukio: I came here after my cram school tonight to help Ginji close up shop. So this was quite a shock.

Rock: I bet. I’m afraid she can be pretty short tempered. I’m just glad everything turned out okay.

Yukio: I’m curious. Your friend…is she Japanese?

Rock: No, she is from the States. She's Chinese American. How should I put it…We work for the same company. I’m here to translate for a Russian. She came with me.

Yukio: Wow, an international career. Impressive.

Rock: I dunno about that. The company is small and it can be quite stressful. It’s hard work and often dangerous.

Yukio: Your job is dangerous?

Rock: Uh…well…uh…Yeah, something like that.

Revy: If they keep this up I’m gonna puke!

Ginji: [Giggling]

Revy: What are you laughing at, asshole?

Ginji: Miss…you're not a decent woman are you? There, it’s those eyes…Those aren’t the eyes of a human being. Those are the eyes of a rabbit dog…

Revy: Ha! Well there's one I’ve never heard before. But all the same. I get your point. You and I are the same type. You stink of blood and guts…no mistaking it…

Ginji: Damn…starting to get cold…Well, Miss. I think it’s time to got you home.

Yukio: Okay…Goodbye…

Rock: And that was how we met…

Rock: Oh, by the way…What’s your name?

Yukio: Right…It’s Yukio. It was a pleasure talking to you. Take care.

Rock: That day…

Revy: Ha!

Rock: I still didn’t know just how powerful the pull of the underworld can be. But I’ll learn…

[Hotel Moscow proceed]

Sergeant: 0230 hours. We've assaulted the Kosa Clan office. Confirmed outcome--twelve kills, no fatalities, no casualties. All men left the scene by 0237 hours. Shall I have them prepare some Russian tea instead ma’am?

Balalaika: No, I don’t like to make a fuss.

Sergeant: Some toast perhaps?

Balalaika: Would you like toast, Sergeant?

Sergeant: No…I don’t have any appetite…

Balalaika: You know you shouldn’t skip breakfast, Sergeant. It’s not healthy…And when did police alive?

Sergeant: They closed off the scene at exactly 0305 hours. They're on a heightened security status. I had the Washimine Clan transcribe their wireless communications. We have to wait for Rock’s translation before we can confirm any details…

Balalaika: The reliability of this information could very well mean life or death for us.

Sergeant: Right…

Laptev: Hmph! You don’t disappoint Balalaika! I’m starting to understand why Boss Slevenin speaks so highly of you…

Balalaika: Is that so? And whose ass do you think I’m here to wipe, Vasily? You’ve single handedly destroyed our reputation here! This place is a playground but you still couldn’t take control! I want to wrap up this operation and get back to Roanapur. That place is a real powder keg…I can’t leave it unattended for long….I’ll be seeing you in six hours…

Laptev: Forget yourself! Back in Moscow I’m one of the highest ranked bosses! So show a little respect!

Balalaika: I’m sorry, it’s hard for me to remember the bosses who rose up using money instead of skill. I’d better write your name on a dollar bill so I don’t forget who you are.

Laptev: Apologize! You lousy ex-military bitch!

Balalaika: Let me explain something to you. There are two things in this world that I just cannot stand: One is cold blintzes, and the other is useless, incompetent ex-KGB shitheads! Now I suggest you keep your head low so the bullets don’t hit you.


Ginji: Hey Boss.

Bando: You know what, Ginji? The new generation would rather plug into video games than play with these. How much longer you’re planning to endure this life?

Ginji: For better or for worse, this is the job of a vendor. With all due respect boss, it’s a lot better than selling meth and women for a living.

Bando: Are you implying that I do this because I like it? You think I wanted this? I mean, old man died. He left us with the family that can barely get tribute. Truth is, the only reason this clan still exists in this city is because the old man and the Kosa Clan’s last head were sworn brothers. Now that they’re gone, what have we got? It’s been almost three years now. And they still won’t let us name a successor. We’re the only ones left still loyal to the old man. He took me in and got me set up and came over here from Kansai. That’s why I’m here. It flows to us to do something. Ginji…You said that dealing with low-lifes was a shame upon the Yakuza. However that only matters if we have a name.

Ginji: That’s not what the old man would've said…

Bando: I’m pulling off a big job right now. I’ve enlisted the help of the Russians to take care the Council.

Ginji: Do you realize what you're saying?

Bando: They tried to take us out first didn’t they? All the same, Russians are Russians no matter who they are. It goes without saying they don’t have a shred of honor. Which is why we need to maintain control of certain key areas…

Ginji: So? What are you trying to say?

Bando: Ginji…I need you to take it up again. That famous white scabbard. Only one name still strikes fear into the heart of all of Yakuza. “Manslayer Ginji”. I beg you. Take up the sword this one last time.

Ginji: Look boss…I’m indebted to you for looking after the young lady as you have. I’ll never forget that. I also understand what you’re saying. But…You cannot look me in the eye and tell me there is any honor in this. Back when I took up the white scabbard for the old man…it was because he had honor.

Bando: I guess that’s that…I’ll see you later.

Ginji: Those Russians…

Bando: Hm?

Ginji: Did they bring their own interpreter?

Bando: Yeah. But why do you ask?

Ginji: What did you make of him?

Bando: I don’t know. Well-mannered young kid, had a girl with him that looked like trouble. He looked just like an average guy. There was something about him though…If I had to make an analogy, he's kinda like a chicken that shows up at your doorstep, carrying soup stock, onions, and even the pot to cook himself in.


Rock: Uh…this shouldn’t take long, okay?

Revy: Mm-hmm…

Rock: See ya.

Revy: Shoo! Hurry up and go! Shoo! Shoo! I’ll be waiting here for ya. But not forever. Just until I finish drinking this…After that I’m leaving. Partner…

[Children are playing with toy guns]

Revy: What do you know…the sky looks the same no matter where you are…whether it’s here…or back on Mott Street…

[BB bullet hits Revy]

Revy: Hey! You goddamn brats! You wanna shoot each other in the streets, then why don’t you head on over to Lebanon!? Haha…What do we have here? You’re a real gunman are ya? But just look at this sorry excuse for a gun…Okay you brats! Keep your eyes on those cans we got lined up there alright? Bang! Bang! Bang!

Child: She got 'em all!

Child: Oh, that was sweet!

Revy: That’ right! Just like Annie Oakley. Jack McCall! I’m here to avenge Wild Bill! Can you outdraw Calamity Jane!? Go on! Take your best shot!

[Revy’s quick draw]

Child: Ah…You got me! Agh…

Child: I’ve been hit!

Revy: Whoa, whoa, what was that? Sorry, but you got this dying thing all wrong. Only place you’ll see people go down like that is in movies. In reality, you just suddenly lose all your strength. Do you understand? It’s like everything below your knees disappears, then you lose balance and go down head first. I’ll show you what I mean…You there.

[Revy has been hit by the BB bullet and goes down]

Child: Lady? If that what it’s like to die, it kinda sucks…

Revy: I’m sorry. But that’s just how it is when you die. In real life dying never looks that coo…

Rock: What are you doing?

Revy: How long have you been watching…?

Rock: Since about the time you charged into the Deadwood saloon. That’s a different ending from what I remember. Calamity Jane didn’t die at that exact location…

Revy: God damn it, Rock!

Child: Hey! That’s my gun!

Revy: Listen up! If you tell Dutch or Benny about this, I swear to God I’ll cut your balls off and feed them to you on the end of a fucking skewer!

Rock: Okay! I won't say a thing!

Revy: So, were you able to meet up with your folks?

Rock: Oh, well…I did end up going to the house but…I didn’t see them. There was no one there.

Revy: [Giggling]

Rock: What is it?

Revy: Nah, it’s nothing…Anyway, we're still here for few more days.

Rock: Hm…you’re right…

Revy: I don’t get it…Why won’t he just go home? It’s like this place was made for him…he belongs here…


<Preview>

Yoshida: Boss! The Russians are going completely crazy on us! They've gone and…blown something else up today!


#20 The Succession
