
Rock: Roanapur…in this city, gangs from around the world jostle for territory. It’s a strange and deadly game they play…

[Blast]

News Reporter: --unmitigated tragedy. Sources at the scene tells us that not much remains of the embassy. What we know so far is that thirty-seven embassy employees have been killed and another one-hundred and fifty were wounded. The DRC military is currently continuing with its rescue efforts. Directly following the bombing, a terrorist organization calling themselves “the protectors of the Islamic front” have claimed responsibility for the bombing.

Rock:This room is filthy…Revy are you gonna sleep all day? We have a job. Dutch says it's an emergency. Revy!

Revy: That you, Rock?

Rock: Yeah it’s me. I guess it’s a last minute request. His exact words were “Wake her the hell up!” So I ran down from the office.

Revy: Goddamn it. This job…who's it from?

Rock: Mr. Chang. You know, from the Triad.

[Lagoon Company]

Chang: I’ve been waiting for quite a while now. What do I have to do to get a cup of coffee around here? Honestly Dutch, is this what you call “service”?

Dutch: It’s my mistake for not knowing we were running a café. You do know why I own a torpedo boat don’t you Mr. Chang?

Chang: Dutch, now that’s just cold. Our place just burned down and we came straight here. I’d say the very least you could do is offer us a cup of coffee.

Dutch: That’s some bad luck Mr. Chang. I hear you lost half the building.

Chang: Yeah, I got to say they hit us hard.

Benny: Was it the Russians?

Chang: Nah, that’s impossible. We’ve always been very friendly with Ms. Balalaika and company…Hey! Glad you could join us!

Revy: Someone wanna fill me in? Did I miss much?

Chang: No, we're just getting started. This briefcase is the cause of everything. But, that just proves how valuable it is. I took this off an incredibly stupid Bulgarian who is trying to make a quick buck in my territory. Here is the thing. I don’t recall giving permission to sell weapons to anyone, other than good old Yolanda from the Rip-Off Church. But for some reason, this guy thought he'd give it a try anyway. He was casually selling guns on the street like he was running a hotdog stand or something. What’s worse, he mistook all of my warnings for some kind of crazy joke. Although, eventually he did understand, and made a deal. Right around the time we told him we were gonna crush his balls like nuts

Revy & Benny: [giggling]

Chang: Unbelievable…I mean the guy was a real idiot. But it turns out he had a very interesting job.

Dutch: Yeah?

Chang: He works for Bulgarian Intelligence. This city is a comfortable place for folks for that too you know. Normally a guy like that would be very useful to us. But…you can only play with fire for so long before it gets out of control. What do you suppose he offered us in exchange of his balls? Well Dutch…Documents.

Dutch: Really?

Chang: The hiking routes of a friendly little organization we all know of. I’m sure you’ve heard of them. If I’m not mistaken, the little job they did before hitting us has been on TV all morning.

Rock: The US embassy!

Dutch: Sounds dangerous to me…

Chang: Turns out that ball boy’s real job was actually with them. Apparently the world’s full of people who want “Uncle Sam” to disappear. They're just the latest ones to try. Anyway, I decided to get in touch with one such group. And I told them that they dropped something important. But as soon as I quoted these guys what it would cost them, they told me to get the hell out of there before they burned my ass alive. Not very nice…So this is how I answered… “Fine, have it your way, I’ll go elsewhere then”…Thanks to that…My office was blasted all the way to Jordan today. And as predicted, my ass did nearly become a roast before I got here, so it wasn’t just talk. These guys really don’t have a sense of humor. So Dutch, here's the deal. I want you to deliver this. Five teams will leave Roanapur at the same time. But here's the thing. Each of them will have a different destination. There are five cases, but only one jackpot.

Dutch: So it’s a feint.

Chang: Yep, as insurance of course. Your destination is the military base on Basilan Island. You have two days. After that, my company contacts will have left Basilan.

Dutch: Chang, my man, two days does not give us enough time.

Chang: There's never enough time is there, Dutch?

[Vehicle appears]

Chang: Last night’s embassy bombing is just a first in a series of events. Two days from now, the next schedule will set to begin. Let’s put it this way. When they're done hiking this time, there’s gonna be a new president. “Uncle Sam” came to me because their embassy went up like the Challenger. If they knew how to deal with this, we wouldn’t be having this conversation. We will provide you with a getaway driver and a guard once you get to the Island. I’m counting on you Dutch.

Dutch: Did you bring our pay here with you? Expenses are on top of that as usual.

Chang: That’s fine by me. I do our usual…

Revy: R…P…G…! Aaaargh!

[Bombing]

Chang: Well, they don’t waste any time. They're already here!

Bodyguard: Dai lo(大佬)! You alright!?

Dutch: Your information's leaked Mr. Chang. We're gonna have to cancel this one.

Chang: Are you gonna quite? I hate to see you're stuck with the repair bill for this. Anyhow, the least I can do is escort you to your boat. But first…I have to admit it’s been a while since I've been in the field. Emergency exit?

Revy: I’ll show ya! Follow me!

Chang: A little guided tour huh? Great…

[Enemy’s grenade]

Revy: Shit!

Chang: Don't panic, Two hands! In this situation…

[Chang kick the grenade]

Chang: If you hesitate, you lose.

Dutch: Chang's cleared the way for us! Now let’s go!

Benny: Yeah! I’m on it!

Revy: Careful, boss man!

Chang: Don’t get cocky Two Hands! No one could say you don’t have the skills, but you fail to see the bigger picture.

Revy: True. I can admit I’m not at your level yet. I just hope I'll get there someday.

Chang: Now that’s a good answer. I'm sending a car. It'll get you to the harbor.

Dutch: Fucking great! What are these days are like a job where I don’t get shot at!

Chang: Quit your bitching Dutch! We are doing all the dirty work here anyway! Hurry!

Dutch: I’ll leave the rest to you, Mr. Chang!

Rock: This is a major pain in the ass!

Dutch: When you get there, don’t forget the password okay? The password is…

[Local village]

Abraham: Right, I understand…Our comrades have spotted the delivery boys on the main road. We should be able to take care of them near Ban Kantang.

Takenaka: I wonder about that…this job should’ve been over with after the bombing of the Triad office. That would’ve taken care of things…

Abraham: I’m in no mood to judge the failures of our comrades.

Takenaka: But you marked these people as being nothing more than simple gangsters, but Chang turned out to be a much smarter gangster than you thought isn’t that right? “Strategically, we should despise all our enemies but tactically, we should take them all seriously”. Those are the words of Mao Zedong. You could learn from that Abraham.

Abraham: Moral discourse from a man with no god? It’s worthless!

Takenaka: He was right though. Besides, I don’t believe in god either. Never have and never will.

Abraham: You’re still my comrade Takenaka.

Takenaka: Well, more importantly, perhaps we should move faster with the plan in America.

Abraham: Don’t be ridiculous! The FBI has been watching us! We move now before the feint, the plan will be wasted.

Takenaka: If I had to guess which of the five routes they'll use, I think it’s safe to say that we can rule out anything overland and flying is far too visible.

Abraham: That’s just leaves a sea route…Do you have any proof?

Takenaka: Don’t need proof when you got intuition.

Abraham: I’ll ask one of our comrades in the Philippines for assistance.

Takenaka: And, as for the sea route, I guess I’ll have to take care of that.

Abraham: This is the final step in changing the world, Takenaka.

Takenaka: Yeah. What shall we do with the drunk and sailor, what shall we do with the drunk and sailor, what shall we do with drunk and sailor…

[Lagoon]

Revy: Did you hear the password he gave us? “May the force be with you”? That is so lame…I mean the guy can handle a gun and he has great style, but Chang couldn’t even make a fucking retard laugh.

Dutch: Well, there's one thing I've learned, it's that nobody's perfect at everything.

[Airport]

Takenaka: You found them? A torpedo boat? Woo, Chang sure got some interesting friends doesn’t he? And you determined their heading too? That’s just perfect. It’s exactly what we predicted. Looks like I won’t have to change flights after all. Yeah, that’s collect, uh-huh…I’m on the next flight there. Stick to the plan. Just don’t do anything until I arrive. We need to confirm a few things before we move. See you soon.

Japanese tourist: Ah…Excuse me.

Takenaka: Mm?

Japanese tourist: Can you please rend me your righter?

Takenaka: Oh…I’m guessing you’re from Japan.

Japanese tourist: Thanks…huh? Yes, how did you know that?

Takenaka: It’s obvious. It’s the way you held your hand.

Japanese tourist: I see…We are going to Cebu Island this year for the family vacation.

Takenaka: Haha…You must be a brave man to be traveling that far from Manila with a family.

Japanese tourist: Right…Hm…Do I…could it be possible that we met each other before? I have the strange feeling that I must know you from somewhere…

Takenaka: Yes, I’m sure you do…

Japanese tourist: Huh?

Takenaka: You know, Mr. Ken! For as long as I can remember people have been saying I look like him. I guess I should probably get going. I’ve never been great at small talk.

Japanese tourist: Nice meeting you.

Takenaka: Well aren’t you a sly one? If you think you’ve seen me before, my friend, it was probably at your local police station…


Black Lagoon


Revy: I got the visual, Dutch. It’s a noisy little fly.

Dutch: Okay!

Revy: Rock, bring me the Lamington and Hydro APIM will you add it?

Rock: Sure.

[Gunfire]

Dutch: We’ve taken out the enemy’s eyes but they may not be the only one. Rock! Benny and I will be the bait and head straight forward to Basilan. I want you and Revy to get off in Zambu Wanga and use the zodiac to rendezvous with us.

Rock: I got it.

[Camp]

Takenaka: Abraham, I can’t hear you! Hurry and get down here!

Abraham: Tkenaka! Where are you!? You’re in Basilan!? Wait a second, that’s where our diversion teams were located!

Takenaka: And don’t panic. Yeah, I’m at the camp right now. “It’s always darkest at the base of the light house”. We are waiting here for local guerrillas to strike the first blow but…that also makes this the ideal place for them to come. It makes perfect sense if you think about it. The only place in American imperialist can come and go freely around here…is anti-guerrilla special operation’s camp. It’s right over the hill. Haha…We are already seeing Chang’s next moves. This is gonna be fun.

Abraham: Takenaka! This isn’t the game! Our entire plan hinges on this!

Takenaka: All this…is nothing more than one big chess game brother. Now I challenge he to find anything of this world that it isn’t either way, we are the one pawns to make the next move.

Abraham: Agh!

Takenaka: Woo…now ones stubborn as he comes…what’s the point if you can’t have a little fun?

[Lagoon]

Revy: So, once we deliver the documents, we’ll meet you at the base.

Dutch: Yeah, I’ll come and get you when I lose this guy who is tailing us. What a pain in the ass.

Revy: Tell me about it. What is it these guys fight for a course, it is don’t know how to quite.

Dutch: Alright. One more thing. I have an additional message for you from Mr. Chang. Remember until Rock when he came back from a camp.

Rock: Sorry to keep you waiting.

Enemy Soldier: The target is travelling through north to Zamboanga.

Takenaka: So, they’ll pass Basilan aren’t they?

Enemy Soldier: Basilan is already behind us. Looks like they’ll be heading north towards Negros. We’ll continue our pursuit.

Takenaka: Alright, good work. It’s not what we’ve seemed boys. My god tells me they are already in on their way here. Yap, they are heading to Basilan.

[Village]

Revy: Here we are in capital of Dulls vil. What time is it?

Rock: It’s almost six. It was more trouble than we expected finding the place to come ashore. I’m pretty sure the village is this way. Tunes quiet here…

Revy: Yeah, it’s a ghost town. No one insight. It had marshal law for two years but it hasn’t any difference. The army in the guerrillas are shooting each other day and night. It’s a real fucking circus. People here must gotten sick at dating their cousins in the real city.

[Engine sound]

Takenaka: Keep you waiting? You’re from Lagoon Company right? I heard that there were four of you, or am I wrong?

Revy: And why the hell should I answer that question?

Takenaka: There’s no reason you should.

Revy: It’s just me, him and the briefcase. That’s it. By the way, I don’t see your partner anywhere. Where is your guard?

Takenaka: Ah, Jackass…He is running around right now looking for a rest room. It turns out he doesn’t know the difference between beer and Volvic.

Revy: Okay, enough with the bullshit. “May the force…”

Takenaka: Now, how do that one go again…

Revy: Hey, old man, this isn’t the time for jokes. Make this quick, or I’ll have to shoot you in the face.

Taenaka: Now Now…No need to get so hot. I was just trying to break the ice with a little humor that’s all. So,…“May the force…be with you” right? Huh…You got to admit it his sense of humor is little awful.

Revy: Ha, you think so too hun?

Takenaka: Yeah, I mean I suspected but I think he has done himself with this one…

Revy: Exactly…You stupid asshole…In fact, I have a massage from the boss for you. “I am Tai-San-Fu-Kuan.” As a nice ring to it, huh? It means “The god of death and punishment shall here by bring down judgment upon you”. And I got to say, it’s not looking good. I have no fucking idea where you got that password, but boss Chang isn’t idiot you think he is. He prepared a brand new password. Made special for shithead like you. You hopped into this play with your ass, hanging out of your pants…and now you were fucked! What? Don’t you gets funny? This is the part we suppose to laugh. So go ahead…

Takenaka: Well, you got me. I guess I got a little carried away. But, how was I thinking? Plus to get handle like this by a little girl…it’s just playing embarrassing.

Revy: Rock! Get Back!

[Gunfire]

Revy: Agh! Fucking idiot!

Enemy soldier: Aaagh!

Revy: Damn you Rock! You really screwed up this time!

Shenhua: The gunfire has starting…

Leigharch: Hun? I don’t want to do this…

Shenhua: Leigharch…

Leigharch: Ooh, I can feel me brain matter…

Shenhua: I tell you not relax too much before working! I make very clear for you!

Leigharch: I just had a greatest idea. We’ll stay here until they stop shooting.

Shenhua: So sorry, if they die we are not getting pay.

Leigharch: I’ll take arrange…

Shenhua: No! Work very important!

Revy: Damn! They’re just keep coming! Stupid shit for brain, Rock! Damn him!

Shenhua: Sister! You duck now please?

Revy: Are you the getaway driver!?

Leigharch: No! I’m a Falcon lawyer! What do you think!? That was accounted for…

Enemy soldier: Do not pursue! The military is just sworn their camp! Pull back! On the double!

Leigharch: Mr. Chang told me that there are supposed to be four of you. So what the hell did happen to other three?

Revy: Plan has changed and became two of us. And he fucked up and been captured…

Shenhua: Oh, he sounds like real idiot!

Leigharch: Well, we are gonna go straight to the falcon base. I wanna finish this job and go home.

Revy: So where is their hideout?

Shenhua: It’s not a village for six mile. You’ll find there in jungle.

Revy: We’re not going to the military base. We’re taking care of these guys first.

Shenhua: Aha…Ahahahahaha!

Leigharch: I suggest you wipe your own damn ass, sweet heart! Wait I’ve got a better one! You can go tell that cavalry, Maria Louise!

Shenhua: We take it to the base only and getting the money, we’re not interested in work more.

Revy: My partner has the fucking documents! Do you follow? Understand you? Yes? You got that, Chinglish?

Leigharch: Not my new interior. If you must, do outside.

Shenhua: My English is not very good because I’m pure Taiwanese. May be you like to meet your skinny ass, bitch?

Revy:You don’t get it do ya? The boss sure hired you for just transport my tight little ass? The documents! Without them, it’ll be us three idiots in this car explaining to the boss, why we decided to come back to the base empty handed. We’re gonna fucking brilliant then.

Takenaka: Hey, you’re here.

Abraham: We formed an alliance with them. As it right now, this cams are under our command.

Takenaka: I’m glad to hear that. Now my friend. Welcome to our demilitarized zone. We’ve took the liberty to look through your briefcase. And it was completely empty.

Rock: I know nothing about it. Even if I did, you know I couldn’t answer your question.

Takenaka: That’s straight forward answer, too bad. At time like this, I think the least I can do is crack a joke. But, we got nothing but time, so I’ll just ask you slowly. Alright son…you do want this painless don’t you? If you got getting involved in this staff, you should really be bit more careful. Japanese if I’m not mistaken. So, how long have you been doing this kind of work? Come on, just ease up kid. Don’t wanna talk? You know, young man…It probably wouldn’t hard for us Japanese to be friendly with each other, now would it?


<Review>


Leigharch: What you got for me? Is there a lonely delivery boy arrived yet?


Revy: Well, well…you late again Langley!
  