
  I imagine it's probably daybreak there soon.

The sea at daybreak. Spare me the sentiment. Only worthless students and the permanently unemployed find that sort of thing appealing.

Uh...

However, I agree these winter skies are depressing. At this point, we know that Okajima is in the Sea of Heaven. I'm going to need you to book us a flight down there right away.

Uh... sure. A business trip, sir?

Why don't we go down there as well? To the Sea of Heaven.


Damn it! Will someone tell me why I have to suffer like this?!

Rock! What the hell are you thinking?! Do you have any idea how much one of these things costs?!

This is it... They came here to kill me.

......?

Why should I have to suffer for all this crap my boss got us involved in?

What the...? I think you're missing the point here. What they really want is to destroy that data disk, right? Your life is just-

My life is just an accessory to that! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!

You know, there's a torpedo in there.

Shut up! Shut up!

Hey, Benny. Doesn't this seem kind of weird to you?

Yeah, something's not right. They've stopped firing completely. They could've easily made us into swiss cheese by now.

No doubt. Something's wrong here.

Dutch! What the hell's going on? Where'd those guys go?

Benny-Boy.

Yeah. It looks like they've fallen back about 5,000 meters and they're still tailing us from that distance.

What do these guys want, anyway? Yeah... What is it?

Damn it. The channel.

That's it, the channel!

The path ahead of us to Balawan is filled with rocks and mangroves, and they must've figured that out. The further we go, the tighter it's going to get. In the end, we won't be able to take evasive maneuvers.

Let's turn this boat around and get outta here!

Yeah.

You better not say I suck at this. But I guess I can't redeem myself now, right?

I wouldn't say that.

But I didn't have any other options. I had to evade to the right.

Yeah, I know that.

Did we just enter the mouth of a river? This is a river, right? If we continue like this, we're going to run out of options to escape.

Yeah. We already figured that one out.

These guys have us completely trapped.

The enemy's behind us again. He's looking down on us from about 5,000 meters back right now.

Check that out: A sunken ship. What a bad omen.


This is fine. We'll wait right here. Go on, off you go. If you wanna show me your little ass, that's fine with me. But we both know that you will be coming back to me real soon. And when you do, we're gonna go head-to-head. Hurry back! I'll be waiting! Then we can put an end to this.


Dutch, they just stopped by that sunken ship and they're hovering there. They're not chasing us anymore.

Hah, it's not worth the energy for them to follow us. That's exactly what this means.

Damn.


It's a dead end...

Sure is.

Damn it!


Hey, Mayer.

Sir?

I'm gettin' real hard right now just imaginin' how they're gonna react to a situation like this.

I'd say they have zero chance beating us.

Hunh!

Given our superior weaponry, I'm sure we'll honeycomb that boat of thiers.

That's exactly why I can't wait to see how they're gonna react. If they make this boring for us and don't even fight back, then we'll shoot to kill them nice and slow.


There's no road ahead of us. The only option we have now is to turn around. And when we do that, he'll be waiting for us. My gut tells me he put us here on purpose. They want to finish us off face to face. So, who wants ring the gong?

Hnh.

It ain't something that happens everyday, but once in a while you'll find them around. Wannabe vets who like to pretend they're cowboys.

W-Wait a second! You're saying our only choice is to die?!

All right, why don't you calm down, Rock?

(yawns)

I know! Let's call the local police! I mean, that's got to be better than- Agh!

You're not helping. Now like I said, just calm down. Panicking isn't gonna solve anything. If you want to survive, you need to start using your head.

Dutch, how 'bout waitin' for them to run out of fuel?

Yeah. But these bastards are from E.O. They'll come finish the job before that happens.

Damn it. Why did things have to end up like this?


Not this one. I'd like a business paper. I have to check on my stocks.

Certainly. Right away, Mr. Kageyama.


How bad is the ship?

So far she's not looking too bad. But I'm more worried about those things.

Hm?

If even a single bullet hits the torpedo, we'll all be flying to the moon.

(sighs) That's what you get for keeping them, you dumbass!

Hmm... I always figured I'd end up using them for something.

I know it's a waste, but maybe we should throw those overboard.

Guess we have no choice.

What a waste.

Wait! Dutch, listen to me.

You go back to sleep.

I figured something out, now that I've had the time to think - just hear me out.

If you break my concentration again, then I'll let Revy hit you next time - and it ain't gonna be pretty.

I say we go face to face with these guys.

Are you retarded?

(sighs)

How come we have a shoot-out? All we have onboard is an anti-tank rifle. They've got missiles on their side.

I noticed that chopper had infrared homing missiles on it, actually.

Mmmm... We don't even come close.

You think so? We do have something we can use.

Revy, what have you been giving him to drink?

Don't blame me for this.

If you think about it, this is just a big game of chicken, right? This boat's armaments, its speed, that sunken ship we passed - I'm pretty sure we have everything we need.

What the hell... do you have in mind anyway?

Exactly what you guys were just talking about. Why don't... we fly them to the moon instead.

Impossible. There's no way we can pull that off.

If you think about it, in theory, this ship is designed to hydroplane. At full speed, we're only in the water this much.

Well, Dutch, it's not like we've got any better options. I say we do it.

You do realize that the plan's not going to work unless they're right in front of us? Do you really think that's going to happen, Rock?

It seems like they're having a lot of fun chasing us around. Even though it's obvious they have the advantage. What reason would they have to restart the whole fight over again? You said it earlier yourself. This is the type of guy who thinks himself as a real cowboy. If we lure him into a game of chicken, he won't be able to resist. I don't have any guarantees. At this point, it's your decision to make as Captain.

We sure managed to pick ourselves up one crazy son of a bitch. You've got to be completely insane. But the idea is exciting, and what's the point of life if you can't get excited? Right, let's do this thing!


The radar has picked up something, Captain! Our target's on the move!

Huh! I accept your challenge.

Rock. You know what you got to do, right?

If they fire a missile, I shoot the signal flare away from the boat.

You got it!

I see the jackass.

Revy! It's a game of chicken! Send them an invitation!

They're firing at us!

Of course they are! About time too! So let's fight!

Rock! They're coming! Shoot that flare!

It worked!

We're on the alpine course now. Both of you get back in the cabin!

They're gonna use that old wreck as a shield? It won't do much good! Hey, Mayer!

Yes, sir!

Once they're clear, we'll nail 'em with a single shot. We're gonna put an end to this duel once and for all! You're about to get fucked, baby!

300 feet to go... 150!

Heh heh heh!

100!

Fire #1! Fire #2!


BLACK
LAGOON


Yeah! You got fucked!


(moans) Well, feels like my head's still attached. My sunglasses aren't broken. Amen, hallelujah, and peanut butter.

Wah... fuckin' hell... We made it this time, but I will never do this again.

Benny? You OK?

Yeah, I'm alive, somehow. But all my instruments are fucked. We're gonna have to fix all up. Oh, man....

Wait a minute, hold up. What about Rock?

(moans) He's passed out over there. He was yelling like a maniac right before we hit him. Just like William Holden in "The Wild Bunch".

Just look at him. He looks so comfortable sprawled out like that.

Yeah. No kiddin'.

And just like that, that moment passed, all the excitement I'd felt from the adrenaline just disappeared somewhere. And my boiling blood had returned to normal. Where am I? And what am I doing here?


Excellent work. You know, I really admire smart work, Dutch. But I got to tell you, you guys are all looking... a little rough.

Well, it's not like we're going to some dinner party. It's just our style.

Now, Mr. Kageyama. We, from Hotel Moscow, have a code of honor.

Oh? I thought you were a representative of the Burgenbiria Trade Company.

As you can see, we followed through on our end of the bargain. So there shouldn't be any hard feelings.

Of course not. The world is full of things that cannot be helped.

Now, it's your turn to follow through on your end of the bargain. We'll go over the details at the hotel.

Very well then. Thanks for your good work on this, Okajima. Now come along, let's go.

Well, Okajima? What are you waiting for? Come on.

Hey boss, don't you remember? ...Well, you should. I'm already dead. You said it, remember? And by the way, my name is Rock now.

That so? Very well, do as you wish. Let's get going, Fujiwara.

Y-Yes, sir.

Well, Rock. I owe you an apologize for making you talk to those idiots. And yet, it would've been a waste for a tough guy like you [dragging name] as a Japonski. I want you to come to us, if there's anything you ever need. Goodbye.


Okajima...

Okajima's no longer an employee of ours. The look in his eyes is all the proof I need.

Yes, but what could have changed in such a short time?

None of it matters anymore.


So, tell me Rock... What will you do now?

Guess I'm not a hostage anymore. And I've got nowhere to go.

Hey. There's this crew I've heard of that might be looking for a good sailor. You think you could be interested in something like that? They're a delivery company...

...who sometimes break the rules to put food on the table. Isn't that right?

(chuckles)


What's wrong?

There appears to be a small vessel blocking our way, Captain. We've been sounding the horn for a while, but it won't budge.

What is that thing?


Well, it was inevitable that some information would be leaked. And I think we were all prepared for that to happen. It was a job well done, Kageyama.

Thank you very much, sir. I am honored.


Uh... Testing, testing. Uhm... (sighs) Good morning to everybody who's presently aboard the St. Joan.

I want you to wear the Hawaiian shirt I got for you at the market! It's a good fit!

Because we happen to be at work. That's right, I consider this to be my job now. (sigh) Um, to everybody aboard the St. Joan, I apologize for the sudden request, but I'm going to have to ask you to please stop your ship right away.

(grunts)

Ahh, my own personal opinion is that at this point- Complying with this request as quickly as possible, would definitely be... um, it's the best course of action!

Dutch, the St. Joan has opened up communications with us. We finally made contact.

And what did they say?

Uh, move aside immediately, or we'll have no choice but to force our way through.

Well, I guess it can't be helped. OK, Benny. Revy?

Good. I was sick of waitin'.

All right, play time is officially over.

OK!

(gasp) Everyone, please take cover! It's times like this that bring out the savage in me.

Jesus!

My God! They must have a rocket launcher onboard, Captain!

Hand that over!

Wait!

Listen very carefully, you dipshits! My rockets are much faster than any of your lame distress signals! Unless you wanna end up as a corpse-filled shipwreck, then I suggest you stop moving! You got it?!

OK Benny-Boy, give notice to the [Lun-i Pan]'s guys that we've taken the St. Joan, and you tell 'em that they better come pick her up before anyone starts a ruckus out here.

(sips) Roger that.


I'm home. Hey, John. There's a good boy.

Takanori, how are things?

Huh?

Your studies for the entrance exams?

Not so good.

Oh, what a surprise. You're home today.

Mm-hmm.

We need to talk about your daughter, she's been getting home later and later these days. She's still only an 18-year-old girl, you know. Could you say something to her?

I thought that was your responsibility. Hmm... The stocks.

Hey, Daddy?

What color was the sea in the really warm country where you just went to? The one for your business trip?

Color of the sea? I don't really know. Daddy was busy working the whole time down there.


There's probably no one who believe me, but I became a pirate of the South Seas. That huge ship was today's catch.

OK, we need to get back to port before lunch. The China bowl at Tao Han... always sells out quickly.


<Preview>
We're actually being targeted by pirates?! Dutch, what's the background on our client?
  