
  But I'm offering you 150 thousand dollars.

Doesn't matter! After we kill these brats, don't forget to pick up the cash on the ground, okay Eda?!

Ah... Okay! Don't you fuckin' move!

I guess this means... we're done talking.

Bastard!

There they are!
This is Jodorowsky! Engaging enemy at Point Pskov!

Roger.

What the fuck!?

Don't do it, Eda! That's Hotel Moscow!

It's the Russians, sora mai mare! They came out.

They have!

I know, sora mai mare -- wouldn't it be fun to confuse these guys? If we can eliminate a few, they'll probably return to their base.

That sounds like a good idea. We'll split up so we can hunt down the Russians separately!

Good luck, sora mai mare.

Fratele mai mic.

I love you.

Yes. I love you, too.


Right. Target was lost in combat.

That's fine. What's important is that we've shown ourselves to the enemy. Proceed under the assumption that they have taken the bait.

Roger. All units, you've got a go-ahead.

Lavochek Unit, Lobosfski Unit, level two preparations are complete. Proceeding to final location.

Target Two located. Appears to be pursuing Jodorowsky.

Confirm the number of targets. Quickly!

This is Baronin to Okchabriagin. I've only sighted Target Two. I repeat: Target Two only.

Private Eugene confirming. I see the target following Jodorowsky. I'm only seeing one body as well. As far as I can tell, Target Two is still right on Jodorowsky's tail. I'll take him to the drop point as planned.

So, only Target Two has taken the bait?

Yes, ma'am.

Very well. Bring this one in, and no mistakes. Don't take anything for granted. Their instincts are extremely sharp. It's probably better to let them believe they have the upper hand. Keep that in mind, and proceed to the next stage. Let's stir up a little confusion.

I'll make sure that my men hit it mafia-style. Not to worry. We'll be at the park entrance soon. And we'll be sure to strike first once we get there.

Your priority should be to confuse and frustrate them, do you understand? Frustration will dull their senses, which will make our job easier.

Roger.

Sergeant, it's time. Take command of the final squad.

Yes, ma'am. Best of luck to you, Kapitän.

Thanks. That goes for you too, Sergeant. Now then... guess it's about time we put an end to this boisterous merrymaking.


Dammit...!

Well, I'm the one who has to go back to the church empty-handed! We should've taken the offer! That would've been too easy, wouldn't it? Instead, you got greedy and fucked us both!

Whiny bitch! You're lucky I was around to save you from having your fuckin' balls shot off by those guys from Hotel Moscow! Remember that?!

Last time I checked, I didn't have a set, but maybe you do, you nasty shemale!

You asked for it, bitch! Draw your gun right now!

When I finish with you, you're gonna have to pick which asshole you wanna shit through, ya got that?!

You know, I don't care anymore. We're fucked up... It's over.

Mm-hmm... I didn't get a penny outta this.

Well, I'm going back to the office. Call me if something comes up.

Huh?! Hey, hold on a second! You can't just leave me!

Uh... What do you mean?

What the hell do you think I mean?! I can't walk to my car alone when there's a full-scale war going on! You have to come with me! I mean, we're friends, aren't we?!

I'm sure you can handle all that on your own. I got better things to do than babysit you.

Wha... Fuck you, you heartless bitch!

Oh. Hi, miss.

Uh... How long have you been there?

A while. I was waiting for you to be alone. I didn't wanna face the two of you all by myself.

Fuck...

You see, there's something I want you to help me with. As soon as my brother kills that Russian lady, we'll have to get outta here right away. But we already killed Verocchio and his men, who were supposed to arrange that for us.

Dumb kid. If you knew he was your man, well then why the hell'd you kill him? Anyway, you have no reason to kill Balalaika now. So, why do you go on? What's the point?

Why, you ask? Why do we continue? What a question. It's so funny! Because we want to. We don't need any other reason. We want to, so we do it.

Huh...?

But right now that's not important. I want you to introduce me to an escape specialist. It should be someone who takes their job seriously. So, can you tell me who that is, miss?


There's no need to hide. Why don't you come on out?

Hmph. You knew where I was. That's very impressive, lady. And your soldiers are very good, too. I chased them around for quite a while, but I couldn't kill a single one. So, what do you wanna do now? Perhaps we could use this time together to talk. Let's see... Maybe we could talk about that soldier of yours. A normal person would've died a lot sooner, but that man just didn't wanna let go. Up until he died, he kept yelling, "Kapitän! Kapitän!" And when he finally died, he went, "Ugh..." like that.

Hmm... you don't say.

You're a cold person, lady. But know what? It won't be very long... till you'll end up like that man. It's just a shame we don't have much time left to talk.

In that case, I've got some bad news for you. I'm sorry, little boy, but... this is it -- the end of the line for you. But before that happens, you'll have to apologize for all the mischiefs you've caused. Isn't that right? Now you're gonna kneel before me and beg forgiveness.

You're pretty funny--

I said kneel!

As I said, the end of the line. If you were able to think rationally, it would've been obvious to you; that as you pursued us, you were being led to your death. Take a look at yourself now: a pathetic little brat who's beyond all repair. And like it or not, this is where you're gonna die.

You're funny, lady. But what are you talking about? I'm not gonna die. I can't die... B-Because I've killed so many people in my life! We've killed many... many, many... many people. It means we get to live on for... that much longer. We can... We can add on to our lives. So we're never going to die. That's right. We are eternal.

That's quite the interesting religion. It's a wonderful thought, I suppose. However, I'm afraid that Oingo Boingo said it best, "No one lives forever." That's just the way it goes. Now then, I suppose I could be cruel and torture you before I kill you. Considering what you did to my comrade, there's no question that it would be appropriate. But unfortunately, I'm not as vulgar as you. It will bring me no satisfaction. So, I think I'll sit here and watch until you've taken your last miserable breath. Judging from your wounds, you have about ten minutes at best. I dedicate these last few minutes before you leave this world to Saharov and Menshov's souls. May they rest in peace. Although... I'm certain you wouldn't be able to understand.
Don't cry, you fool.

Kapitän?

Sergeant. I'm finished on my end.

That was hard, Kapitän. Just watching gave me the chills.

I'm sorry. I had to have my revenge and you humored me.

Kapitän.

I'm getting too old for this. I feel... I feel exhausted.



BLACK
LAGOON



[♪♪♪]
Someday I want to run away
To the world of midnight
Where the darkness fill the air
Where it's icy cold
Where nobody has a name
Where living is not a game
There, I'll hide my broken heart


The girl sure can sing. Hard to believe it's the voice of a homicidal maniac.

Yeah.

A devil with the voice of an angel. Goddamn. I sure as hell couldn't have predicted this, though.

You can say that again. The sadistic serial killer who terrorized all of Roanapur, is now a client of ours.

Fine by me. End of the day, she's just another client. Hey, where's Revy?

I know she was really bent out of shape about us taking that girl, but right now, she's keeping watch outside the cabin door, you know, just in case something happens to Rock.

That was a beautiful song. Where did you learn it?

I heard it on TV. It's one of my favorite songs of all time. You know what else? You're the first person I've ever sung it to. Well, I'm not counting my brother.

Er... H-Hey!

I've noticed that you seem different from everyone else, mister.

Huh?

It's almost like you're in a different world or something!

Oh yeah? Guess I'm not used to this job yet. Go figure.

I like talking to you. You're nice. You know, I'm really good at telling who's nice and who's not.


Is this Balalaika?

I presume you know why I am calling.

Yeah. To be honest, I'm surprised you waited this long.

I have to ask, Dutch. You do realize what you're doing, right?

Of course. And the compensation reflects the additional risks.

This isn't your good deed for the year.

Do I look like a philanthropist to you?

Just checking. Anyway, it helps me to determine the appropriate response.

Sounds like we both gotta do what we gotta do. Am I wrong, Balalaika?

Hey. We're heading south, Dutch.

You're right, Dutch. In fact, I've already made a number of arrangements.

No doubt. I think I see some of those arrangements now.

No regrets and no hard feelings, I trust. Good luck, sailor.

Roger, Kapitän.

Sergeant.

Yes?

Get me the E File of the trouble list.

E?

Insurance with a good return.


The Vietnamese Navy?

Yeah, that's correct. And they're out in force. The long reach of Hotel Moscow.

So, uh, we can fight?

Not if we wanna live. We're a torpedo boat, these guys are crippling missiles. And this makes life hard 'cause that eliminates the Hainan Island route.

How about Brunei? You know, where Mary Lee is.

Not an option. We can't afford the time.

Then it looks like our only remaining option is to visit Elroy in Pangkal Pinang.

Big Horn Elroy, huh? Okay, that's where we'll go.

I'll go contact him.


Ohh... I bet you the water and the sky are beautiful today, but I won't get the chance to see it. No fair.

I'm sorry.

It's all right. I'm used to it.

Have you never seen the sea?

Back when we were in Sicily and we lived at the orphanage, the only thing we ever got to see were those gray cement walls. I was born in a small town in the Carpathian mountains. It was a dark and lonely place.

A certain dictator passed a law which made abortion illegal. His plan was to ensure a workforce for the future of the country. In reality, most were too poor to provide for their children. Many families had no choice but to put their kids in state-run orphanages. The secret police found numerous uses for these orphans. The dictator was killed but the orphans remained. Born of his policies, and abandoned by all.

Once we were sold to the mafia, all we ever saw was blood and darkness. They would beat us and kick us so hard that at night I couldn't stop peeing blood. Every night, my brother and I would talk to each other. And we always wondered, why was it that God wanted us to suffer like that? But know what? After a while we stopped wondering. Because we both realized something. The other children would be brought before us. They'd be crying, and they'd be beaten to death with bats. And you know what then? The adults would all be laughing. My brother and I started to laugh, too. And while we laughed, we realized: "This is how the world really works." Yes. The world would keep turning as long as people were being killed. And that must be the reason why we're here -- to keep doing it forever. People kill, get killed, and kill again, This is the thread that ties everyone together.

But... doesn't it make you sad that your brother died because of that?

Huh?
What are you talking about? I'm not dead. I'm right here. My sister and I are always together, mister. Because both of us will live forever. We can't be touched by the thread. That's how we'll always be. So you see, all we have to do is keep on killing. That's the only reason we're alive. That's why we don't have to be sad anymore. The smell of blood, the sound of screaming, and the warmth of bowels, we learnt to love it all.

No! You're wrong. That's not why you're here! The world is a place for you to find happiness. Listen! Blood and darkness are just a small part of it! That's not all the world has to offer!

Hey. It's okay, mister. Don't cry. This is the first time anyone's ever been this nice to me, so... Here. A gift for you.

Hm?

Rock?

Benny! Go check on him, all right? I'm gonna take care of this fuckin' kid!

Yeah, all right!

Well, well, I guess even a little demon like you has red blood. Fuckin' piss-ant! Lemme tell you something. Balalaika's not the only one who's disappointed that you're not dead.

It's funny. You have the exact same smell. It's the smell of blood and rotten sewers. It's because you and I are the same thing!

Look, I really don't give a shit. If you fuck with him again, I'm gonna kill you. Not to mention, if you do anything at all to piss me off, I'll kill you for that too.

Damn it! Damn it! Why? Why did this have to happen? Everyone in her life betrayed her! They turned her into a monster! They turned her into a fuckin' monster! Goddamn it!

Rock. Sometimes it's best to look the other way. You have to do that if you wanna survive here.

I'll... I'll...

You'll what? Adopt her? Forget it. You can't just undo what's been done to her. If only someone had shown them a little kindness, they might've gone to school, made friends, and lived happily ever after, who knows, right? But that didn't happen, did it? I'm sorry, but stories like this don't have happy endings, Rock.


Dutch. Long time no see.

Yeah, it has been a while.

I take it that's the cargo?

Right.

I know it was last minute, but were you able to get her a passport?

Everything's taken care of. Besides, when isn't it a rush job?

It was nice to meet you, mister. Hopefully we'll meet again someday! We could have a picnic. Just you and me, 'kay mister?

Yeah. That sounds wonderful. Really wonderful.

...!!

It's beautiful. The sky.

It was Hotel Moscow, Dutch. But you probably knew that.

You know you're done as a getaway man.

I know... I'm washed up. I have a son living in South Africa. Just got a letter from his wife. Only 34 years old, and the doctor just diagnosed him with cancer. Either way, I'm getting too damn old to keep walking on a tightrope. This was my last job. For what it's worth, Hotel Moscow paid me a helluva lot of money to do this. Well, see ya.

Her last words were, "It's beautiful. The sky." Fuckin' hell.

Rock! You better find us a tarp. We're gonna have to cover up the body.

No.

Hm?

That won't be necessary. This is fine. Just like this. She can look up at the sky and hear the ocean as she sleeps.


<Ending>

Someday I want to run away
To the world of midnight
Where the darkness fill the air
Where it's icy cold
Where nobody has a name
Where living is not a game
There, I'll hide my broken heart
Dying to survive
There, no one can see me cry
The tears of my lonely soul
I'll find peace of mind
In the dark and cold world of midnight



<Preview>

The only reason I accepted this job in the first place is because I was told I'd be able to make perfect counterfeit money.
  