
  [Soldiers from Hotel Moscow proceed]

Man: Didn’t I tell you? We have to go bath.

Woman: Fine.

[Hotel Moscow raid the Kosa Clan’s building]

Yakuza: Hey, What the hell!?

[Gunshot]

[At SM club]

Bando: すまねぇな、姐さん。女のあんたにゃあ面白くもねぇ場所だろうなぁ。

Balalaika: That’s quite all right. Otherwise I would prefer somewhere bit quieter.

Bando: 香砂会が動き始めとる。六本木なら目立たなくていいんだよ。

Balalaika: Our neutralization of enemy target is proceeding according to plan. But the Kosa Clan has a very large outfit. To squeeze them out, we need to intensify our influence, so we’ll be shifting gears on moving to faze two of the operation.

Bando: 転換？

Balalaika: Yes. We will shift gears. First, we cram down of their sources of revenue. Clubs, Narcotics, pachinko, Bars and waste management.

Bando:連中も素人やない。ある程度やり込めたらさすがに気付く。

Balalaika: Of course, these actions are just a rough at cage. We need our main target anything else.

Bando:どういう事や？

Balalaika: I’m referring…to a tactic that works anywhere…An abduction Mr. Bando. We’ll target the family of the Kosa Clan’s head Masami Kosa.

Yoshida:か…頭ぁ！

Bando:水を差す様やがそれだけはあかん！

Balalaika: Huh? What did he just say?

Rock: He just said, we can’t do that.

Bando:求めとるんは香砂会の圧力を緩めるようにする、そういう喧嘩や。適当に暴れてくれ。

Rock: The idea was for you to steer things up, so that they’ll be force to negotiation with us. If you go overboard, you’ll make things impossible for us later on.

[Balalaika starts Roughing]

Balalaika: Hear that, Sergeant? I don’t think they understand! Rock, translate this word for word. Okay? Mr. Bando, we’ve employ any means necessary to secure profits. May I remind you “WE” are bearing most of the risk here. Therfore…it follows that the decision making lies with us. Not you.

Bando: ちょ…ちょっと待ってくれ…

[Phone call]

Tyaka: Oh Rumi, it’s just you? I told you not to call now you stupid bitch! Argh, you what? Product!? I don’t want any. I got enough to sell! You talk too much! You know that! Keep it up or I’ll knock out two more teeth! Ah, you’re already ugly…

Yoshida: Tyaka! What the hell is wrong with you! Show some respect!

Yakuza: Do you have any idea what’s going on here, you damn shit!

Tyaka: Oh, sorry about that guys. Damn fucking bitch!

Yoshida: Go on! Get out of here!

Tyaka: Yeah sure. I get it. I’m going, I’m going already.

Bando:お騒がせして申し訳ない。
  