
  A synopsis of what's happened so far!

Our older sister, the masked model student, Yukino Miyazawa,is the greatest queen of vanity.

The one who changed her, Arima, is a hard working mode student who tries to shoulder all his misfortunes by himself.

Influenced by each other's lives and experiences, they had a really chaotic beginning, but in the end, they become a couple.

They decide to live only for their own happiness.

But the world is not so simple and easy as that.

As if to test their new relationship, they are plagued with busy schedules including xxx and the school sports fest that keeps them apart.

Then, Hideaki Asaba, the perverted handsome guy with loose morals appears.

He acts mean to Sis and plots to break them up in order to achieve his own ambition of the Asaba Maryland.

They leave things up to the power of love and goof off.

And that’s why their scores on the final xxxx.

Because of that, Sis develops a one-sided sense of estrangement.

She also brings down the interference and xxxx from the teachers at school.

And so, numerous problems and issues came to stand in their way.

Good luck, Yukino Miyazawa!

Don't give up, Souichirou Arima!

This world exists for the two of you!

How...ever!
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h6&gt; 
 Hey, did you hear?

You know how Arima's and Miyazawa's grades were lower on the finals?

Sure I do.

The two of them are going out together, right?

I heard they got called to the student discipline room for a lecture.

D'oh!

On top of that, they immediately rebelled against the teachers and their parents were called to the school.

D'oh! That's reaIIy bad!

I wonder what happened to those two.

Yeah.

ACT 9.0 “Atonement for Postponed Debts”

I'm really sleepy...

Looks like that all-nighter's really having an effect on me.

There was one math problem that l just couldn't solve.

I wonder what's wrong. I've been thinking　about it all this time...
Miss Miyazawa!

Is Home Economics class gonna be in the Room 1 of the old building today?
Yeah.
What are you looking at?

Oh, is that math?
Yeah, there's one problem I just don't understand.
Wow, You mean you have times like that, too!
Oh, there was something I didn't understand. Can I ask you?
Sure, I’ll help if I can.
I feel like l just don't quite belong with the girls.

I'll talk to anyone, but l don't really hang out with anyone.

It's been a while since l stopped pretending to be a model student, but everyone still treats me like a guest.

Well, I guess it’s to be expected.

That's the way I've acted up until now.

So, even if l become normal all of sudden, they’re not going to change overnight.
It’s Arima!

Math problem?
What is it? Which one are you doing?
Oh, he...here.

This probIem.
Hey!
Asaba!
What's xxxx hold up? It’s time to eat.

Hey, what's with you?!

I was waiting for you and here you are playing with cuties instead!
I'm not like you.
You're nasty! You sex fiend!
I said, I'm not like you.
How can you make me wait outside under the blazing sun all this time!
You could've just waited in the hall, you know.
You really piss me off!

You're always so mean to me!
Sorry, I know we're right in the middle.

I'II explain it all to you later, I promise.
Uh...

Um...

OK.
Don't you think those three really get along well?
Yeah! You always see them together, you know?
They're really different, now that they're going out together.

Arima was always very nice, but he never was really friendly with any girls before.

And you know Asaba was never really friendly with any girl either.
Oh, you wanna go get some lunch, too?
Sure, wanna go out shopping later?
Sounds good.
Hey, hey, do you know about the legend of the kendo club?
Huh? What's that?

I don't know it.
You know how our kendo club goes to practice matches with other schools?
Yeah.
Usually, the school would really cheer on their own team, right?

But when Arima's turn comes up, they suddenly start cheering for us.
Oh, Arima!
Oh, that's great!
I agree with them.
In the end, you chose the handsome guy over the school.
I heard that all the girls in Class F went to Disneyland with Asaba.
Oh, they're so lucky!
That's not fair!
Arima and Asaba get along really well, don't you think?

They’re so beautiful together.

A xxxx handsome guy and a loose handsome guy.
Miss Miyazawa is so lucky to be friends with those two.
Well, yeah, sure, when she's all so perfect.
Even I could be friends with them, then.
Beautiful, nice, and she's not too proud of being smart.
And she'll teach us everything really nicely.
Guess there are great people like that in this world.
You think so?
Maho...
What makes you so sure that Miyazawa is really that great?

Maybe she’s tricking you.
What're you talking about, Maho?!
I've always thought that Miyazawa was kind of fishy, actually.

XXXX never makes mistakes.

Maybe it’s really good front.
What?

You think so?
You better I do.

Her attitude's changed recently.

Maybe these’re her true colors
Huh? Really?
Now you mention it, she has seemed very different, recently, I wonder why.
Oh, you thought so, too?!
Actually, so do I.
No way, I did, too!
Me, too!
But then... what?

You mean everyone thought so?
Women like that do exist, you know?

They have to be in the spotlight all the time

They seem to be so smooth.

Women like that are good at catching man.

They’re easy play to girl like that.

Look how she's snag both Arima and Asaba,

The girl got taste xxxx that.

If... that's true, she’s despicable and I’m not gonna let her do anymore.
Yeah.
There were lots of girls who liked Arima and Asaba.
If that's true, it's unforgivable.
That's right.
I know lots of girls who confessed their feelings and got turned down.
I feel sorry for those girls!
We thought we weren’t her [leagues], so we allow her have them.

But she was acting entire time, then.
If this's true, then they should be going out some other girls.
She's the worst.
She's a littIe cute, and she goes off...
What does she take us for?
Guess it should be interesting.

I'm late.

I am late, aren't l?

Where is everyone?

That’s weird.

I'll go ask at the faculty office.
You know what happened yesterday...
I thought we’re at home economics today, I was so surprised that there was no one in the classroom.

I didn't know why, so I ended up asking at the faculty office.

Oh, yeah, you still need help with that math problems?
It’s okay. I already got it.
You can't solve them anymore because you're always playing with guys now.
Oh.

I see.

Did you see Miyazawa's face?

She turned blue. I almost feel sorry for her.
She's had it so good in the past, it's about time something bad happens to her.
She stands out too much to begin with,just because she's a little popular with the guys.
Her looks aren't that great either.

Maho's a lot more beautiful than she is.
Maho, you should rule the class, just like in middle school.
You used to be real cool.
Yeah, I guess so.

Miyazawa?
Hmm?
Are you all right?

What’s wrong?
Oh, just lack of sleep.
Want me to do the rest?
No, that's okay.

I think I know why this happened.

Because I'm friends with Arima and Asaba, and because I stopped pretending to be a model student.

This is the result of deceiving everyone for so long.

I guess it's no surprise that they hate me.

I never really wanted friends.

I deceived them, made them praise me, and l felt good about it.

Guess I have to pay for it now.
I no more regret!

Nothing get solved by brooding over it.

I can’t take back what I did back then.

I guess all I can do is try to be myself from now on.

This is the beginning of my real self!

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:2:&lt;h6&gt; 
 Somehow...
There's nothing for me to do.
It's been days since I started getting silence treatment, I guess you rise before you fall.
I’m like some candidate that lost their election.
But there's no helping it.
This kind of reaction is natural now that I finally revealed that not perfect.
It was risky to drop my model student act.
But l didn't want to live on my image anymore...
I have to overcome this by myself!
But how am I supposed to deal with this xxxx everyone keeps ignoring me?
How am I supposed to make xxx if I can’t talk to anyone?

Oh...she's beautiful.
I didn't know we had a girl like that at our school.
I wonder why I never noticed.

Tsubasa, did you go to the faculty office?

I saw her.

What? Who?

Yukino Miyazawa.

Oh, the girl who's going out with Souichiro Arima?

There’s nothing special about her.
Why is Arima dating a woman like that?

Probably because she's intellectual.
Arima isn't the kind of idiot who'll choose a woman just by her looks.
Shut the hell up! Xxxx stupid opinion, anyway!

Wow, scary.

I can’t xxx this is happening.
I’m in the hospital when the school starts.
And when I get out, Arima has this girlfriend.
I've always cared for Arima.
How can he hurt my feeling like that?
I'II crush her.

What?

I'II crush her!
No matter what dirty tricks I have to use, I'll wreck those two!

Oh...

Miyazawa.

It's the beautiful girl again.

Oh, you've never met, have you?
I'll introduce you.
This is Shibahime from Class D.
We went to the same middle school.
You were in a hospital for a long time?
It’s good xxx back school again.

Arima, I've never seen you act so familiar with another girl before.

Xxxxx Miyazawa.
We're seeing each other.

Nice to meet you.
I'm Tsubasa Shibahime.

Hi. I'm Yukino Miyazawa.

What's wrong, Miyazawa?!

I dunno. She suddenly slapped my hand away for no reason.

What?

Notebooks?
Shibahime!

Miss Miyazawa...
Miss Miyazawa pushed me down.
You're so mean.
Tell me. Why are you doing this to me?

What?

Oh, it's a cat.
Shibahime, what're you doing?!
What were you gonna do just now?!

Ah... uh... uh...

Why are you doing things like this?!

I xxx it’s hurt!
I haven't done anything!

Liar!
Miyazawa would never act like that!
I’m sorry, Miyazawa.
She doesn't usually do things like this...
Looks like she got meaner in the hospital.
You okay?
Come on, apologize properly!
Your pranks has gone too far!

Yeah, yeah, whatever excuse me.

Oh, it's okay.
You’ve been in the hospital since school started, right?
Isn’t it bad for you if you move around like that?

You think so.
She ran into a wall on her skateboard and got stuck under falling stones.
[They didn’t find her till the next day].
But if she can move this much, she's okay.

In middle school, everyone was jealous of me.
Because Arima was especially friendly with me.

You didn’t clean up today?
I can always tell, you know.

It doesn't matter.
I'm cute, so everyone treats me nice anyway.

You're hopeless.

Don't look at someone else like that.
That’s supposed to be mine.
Don't go.

Shibahime, it must be hard trying to keep up with class since you were still in the hospital when the school started.
You want borrow my notes?

You are so...!

Yeah right.
I don’t need your help.
What's with you?! You’re always siding with Miyazawa and everything.
Don’t lecture me.
You’re not my father.
[Just fawn on her], why don’t you? 
It's embarrassing, so don't tal k to me anymore.
I’m out of here.

What's the hell with her?!

I see now. She must be...

I haven't seen her for a while.
Now she’s all crazy.
I don’t get it.
What did she so upset for?

You’re clueless.

Sorry, Miyazawa.
I’ll apologize for her.
See, I’ve always been fond of Shibahime.
I’ve always thought of her as a little sister.


I knew that he thought of me as a little sister.
But l didn't mind.
Until Arima fell in love with someone else.

Oh, I knew it.
You sure do some reckless things.
Oh, there, there.

There's no helping it.
Arima doesn't see Tsubasa as a girlfriend material at all.

So what?
She can xxx tension as a sister.

I can’t.
His heart belongs completely to that woman now.
He won't pay attention to me anymore.

Don't take it so hard.

I hate her.
That girl really pisses me off.


Tsubasa!
Tsubasa, how could you?!
Tsubasa!
What is she, a demon of revenge?

What the hell do you want?
You don’t even know Arima at all.

Tsubasa...

Miss Shibahime completely hates me now.
The girls in my class ignore me and Miss Shibahime hates me...
I've just had insult added to injury.

Miss Miyazawa.
I'm sorry that Shibahime's been causing you such problems.
We're her friends.
Please understand how she feels.
Her life is kind of complicated.

Oh, it's okay. I don't mind.
It's not like she's doing anything really terrible to me.
I'm fine.

We are really glad to hear that.

Thanks so much.

It's fine.

Anyway, we'll do our best to try to keep her out of mischief,
So don't worry about it.
Xxxx if you need anything.
Later.
Bye-bye.

She's lucky.
She's got nice friends.

Hey, how long are we going to do this for anyway?

What? You're siding with Miyazawa?
Laughter.
Anger.
Worries.
Love.
Friendship.
Competitiveness.
Growth and degeneration.
All these emotions are packed within the doors of a classroom.

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:4:&lt;h6&gt; 
A synopsis of what's to come!
Surrounded by enemies, Sis is ignored by everyone!
But in an unexpected situation, the stalemate comes to an end!
That's right, Tsubasa Shibahime goes for the kill!
Next time on His and Hers: Everything Starts Now!


