
Ever since l was a child, I was the center of my class.
l was good at sports and my studies.
I was confident and thought that things would pretty much go my way.

Wow! [Miss Miyazawa, you’re at the top of the class!]
You're amazing! And you're so good with your studies, too!

But in high school, Yukino Miyazawa surpassed me completely.
She was the center of attention now.

“Everything Starts Now”

The girls in my class hate me.
Shibahime hates me.
It seems like my hate index has been on the rise recently.
But I persevered.

Iwata. Ishikawa. Izumi.
What? You can’t solve this easy problem?
Well, in that case...
Hmm, excellent, as always.
Class, you should all learn from Miyazawa's example.

Luckily, there was a quality in me that kept me from becoming bitter.
Hard work is always worth the effort.

Miyazawa?

Yes, sir?

Well, I wanted to ask you...
It’s bothering me.
It seemed that the atmosphere in the classroom was rather strange.
It may just be my imagination, but it seems like something odd is going on.
That is... If your situation in class becomes difficult because I called you into the discipline room, then…

l'm fine.
It’s true that things aren’t going well with the girls right now, but it’s not because of that.

But that must be hard on you.
l could do something to help.

lt's all right.
If I can’t take care of this by myself, I'll never succeed in the real world.
l'm fine.

Hmm, such strength of character.
Being a teacher is lonely when the students don’t want help.

I am strong and l don't intend to just sit there and take it anymore.
To begin with, using the silent treatment to hurt someone’s feelings is despicable.
l hate it. I won’t submit to it.
I’m going to take care of this myself.
Oh, Arima. You surprised me. What’s up?

Something was strange just now.
The girls in the class were keeping a distance from you.

Uh, no, um…yeah.
Hmm, is it really that obvious?
Well, the girls might be ignoring me right now…sorta.

What?!
What are you saying?
Why are they doing it?

Uh, well…you see…

Why didn't you say something about it?!
You never told me this!

Where are you going?

l'm gonna talk to the girls.
l'll make them stop this.

Don’t make it worse than it already is.

Make it worse?!

Don’t you get it?
Part of the reason they hate me is because I'm friends with you.
If you go talk to them, it will only make it worse.

What?!

This is my problem!
So keep out of it.

What kind of stupid...?!

I’m not being stupid!
All you have to do is be quite and watch.
You don't have to do anything!

Oh great. Your girl's gonna have a fist fight or something?!

Oh, boy, he's really mad this time.
He's being so stubborn.
I guess I wasn't too polite either.

Oh, I know, Miyazawa, I’ll show you something cool.
My prize possession.

What’s that?

It’s really cute.
Here, look.

No, you idiot!

Isn’t he so cute?

Hideaki!
l gave it to you because you said you'd treasure it and you'd never show it to anyone!
I’ll never trust you again!

That male friendship is so…
Hmm...yeah, l’m gonna keep this.

No, you can't have it!

You can't! You can't! You can't! You can't!
That’s my prize possession.

[That’s nasty! Disgusting / That's nasty as disgusting!]
How can you do something so low, Miyazawa?!

My treasure…

Come on now, boys.

Oh, that's the place where…

...if a boy touches carelessly, he’ll get suspended!

In return, I’ll give you a cute picture from my childhood.

Oh, come on. That's nothing! l've got one, too!

Hey, are you still mad about what I said?
Please understand.
It’s not that I don’t want your help.
But I want to take care of this problem by myself.
It’s very important to me that I do.

I should apologize to you.
I was wrong to get angry.
After all, it’s you who’s in trouble.
Take care of it however you want to.
Just so you know, I'm on your side, and I'll be nearby just in case, okay?

Thank you.
By the way, are things okay with you?

Yeah, I’m just fine.
The captain of the kendo club watches out for me.
And the kendo captain has a lot of influence over the other sports captains.
Someone like that watching your back, the other guys generally don’t bother you.

Boys are so...

That was a good kick, but you’ve got to do more than that to take me down.

Shut the hell up! I didn't ask for anything out of you!
They keep having [the/their] street matches, don't they?

Yeah, it’s impressive.
Tsubasa’s attacks improve day by day.

However, I sense a hidden talent in Miyazawa that allows her avoid every hit.

Hey, you two, l'm thirsty.
Let’s go get some juice at the cafeteria.
Wanna come with us, Miyazawa?

Huh? Me?

Yeah, come on with us.

Hey, why are you inviting her along?!
You haven’t forgotten why I’m fighting her, have you?!
She’s the enemy! The enemy!

You’re street fighting, right?

To decide who’s on top, right?

Isn’t it?

I used to think you were so intimidating and unapproachable.
But after talking to you, you’re not at all.
It’s a relief.

This is the real me.
The other one... I made up.
l wanted to make myself look good.
And I wanted people to like me.
I'm the sort of person who gets a shiver of pleasure when people praise me.

Oh, I see.

So I was working hard to put on a show for everyone.
But it's stupid to live only for the opinions of others, you know?
Actually, l didn't have one real friend in my life.
I realized all of this when l met Arima. So l decided to stop being a fake.

You don't have any friends...
Well, I'd noticed that you're alone a lot.
Are the others… you know...

Yeah. More or less.

That must be pretty rough.

It is. But I brought it upon myself.
I should take responsibility for it.

Oh, I hate stuff like that!
Silent treatments really piss me off!

Here she goes again.

l understand. From now on, you are Yukinon.

Huh?

You’re our friend now, and a member of our group.
Okay, Yukinon?

Uh... ''Yukinon''...

l'm Tsubaki Sakura. Hope of the girl’s volleyball team.
Rika Sena. Good at craftwork and she's ladylike.
Aya Sawada. A literary talent who knows people's weaknesses.

Nice to meet you.

Thank you, but... um...

Do what you want.
I'll fight all by myself if I have to.

Well, I guess she's on her own, then.

Now we’ve got a strong ally for exams!

Hurray!

Hey, Yukinon. I wanted to ask you...

So, I’m Yukinon, after all.

Was Miss Miyazawa friends with girls in Class D before?

That’s Tsubaki Sakura, right?
I don’t know her that well 'cause we’re in different buildings, but she's pretty popular over there.

ln the end, Miss Miyazawa stands out somehow, you know?

I keep on telling you, that's her trick!
Don't you understand?! Well?!
Miyazawa's always... always the one who gets to feel good.
That liar!

But it bothers me.

What does, Sawada?

The way you're being ignored is so organized that you don’t have a chance to resolve it.
There must be a leader behind it somewhere.
Someone smart who’s skillfully guiding the class.

A leader...

What? Now that people don’t pay attention to you in this class, you'll go get attention from another one?
You’re pretty slick, aren’t you?
Going around, deceiving people.
Come on, I'd love to hear how you did it this time.

The leader.
Nothing. l didn't do anything.

Well, that’s a switch.
Not gonna act innocent anymore?

She's the leader, all right.
If I lose now, nothing will be resolved.

What a waste of talent! You were so good at deceiving people.
And you love doing it.
You don’t have to be embarrassed about it.
Just keep up the good work.

Ma...Maho...

That’s enough, already.

I can understand why you would hate me.
It’s true. I used to be that way.
I have no excuses.
If that’s what people think of me, so be it.
But then, you’re doing the same thing, aren’t you?
Acting a part to get the girls to side with you against me?
l was a deceiver, but so are you.
If you don’t like me, then just say so to my face.
Can't you handle me by yourself?
It's true that l was in the wrong.
But I’m not such a pushover that I’ll just take this kind of abuse.
You're a very confident girl.
You think you've won by getting the class to hate me?
I'm glad for you. Are you happy?
You should've done that in the first place!

Maho!

I was no match for her in school or in track.

Maho, you totally don’t stand out anymore.
It isn’t like you.
You've got to be more showy for everyone.

No, I can’t anymore!
No matter what I do, I can’t win.
I've been completely defeated.

I’m the only one who can pick on Miyazawa.
Don’t try to butt in on my territory.
I can’t be ruthless if I have to think about you.

No one understands me.
They don't understand anything at all.




Oh, it’s so boring these days.

Silent treatment is a little juvenile for high school.

You said it. Seeing fights like that one between Miyazawa and Maho.

I wanna take us completely out this time.
Let them fight it out.

After all, it’s Maho who doesn't like Miss Miyazawa.

There’s something strange about that.

What?

I mean yesterday’s fight.
It's true that Miss Miyazawa used to pretend to be modest and deceived us, but she can’t be as bad as Maho says.
I don’t think she’s the kind of person who'd pretend to be elegant just to get a boy.

Come on, her whole attitude did change recently.
Ever since she became friends with those boys.

You’re right about that, but think about it.
Maho said that she was a liar and that Miyazawa had started faking because she caught some great guys.
But here's what l think.
Why would someone that sneaky make such a stupid mistake?

Now that you mention it…

You might be right.

Miss Miyazawa must be pretty smart.
After all, she's fooled all of us with her act.

And to think someone like that would make mistakes just because of a guy...
You’re right, that sounds a little strange.

Come to think of it, didn't she admit it during the fight yesterday that she'd only been acting to be modest all this time?

You mean Miss Miyazawa had shown her true colors on purpose?

Then how could you think to be popular with the guys?
Why did Maho lie to us about that?

I get it now. Don’t you see?
Maho wanted to humiliate Miss Miyazawa.
And the best way to hurt her was to use our envy for her relationship with Arima and Asaba to shut Miss Miyazawa out of class.
Maho used all of us.

Maho, we don't know why you'd go so far just to hurt Miss Miyazawa, but we can't forgive you for deceiving us.
We can’t trust you.
We won't ignore you because we won’t stoop to your level.
But understand this.
We had enough.
No one is going to listen to you anymore.
If you wanna hurt her so much, then do it by yourself.
You’re all alone now

Ma...Maho... 

You should all leave me alone now, too.
This is as far as l can go.
I only drag you down with me.

Well… sorry then.

I knew this is what would happen.
I knew I would lose in the end.
I was spoiled.
I was confident and thought I was better than everyone else.
That was really just a big fish in small pond.
Pathetic.
When I met Miyazawa, I realized for the first time that there are plenty of people far better than me.
There's nothing more miserable than having someone better than you take your place.
I didn't wanna watch but only thing I could think was her.
I can’t stop my eyes will follow her xxxx attach to her.
Xxxxx love with her.
That’s why I’m probably the only one who noticed what she was doing.
It’s all just an act
Who could understand my pain?
That woman took everything from me.
And now, she’s in love and she wants to come clean about everything.
It's unforgivable! 
I'll crush her just as I'm being crushed.
But that's over now, too.
I guess it’s time to swallow my stupid pride.

Oh, it’s so beautiful out.
The sun is so bright today.
But yesterday was really bad.
My fighting instincts just took over.
I couldn’t help it.
Well, it felt really good.
He's so cute!
I’m so glad that I kept this
Wow, it’s her!
No, not this. You can forget about this one.
Besides, there is spittle over it and I put it inside my bra.
What with her?
But I don’t hate her, not at all.
Actually, I wish I could be friends with her.

Hey, Shibahime.

Arima.

How’s my little xxxx doing?
I hope you haven’t been mean to Miyazawa lately. 
Please get along with her.
After all, she is my love.

Oh, no…

What’s wrong?

My wallet isn't here!
It's not in my bag, either!
Maybe it’s in the classroom.

Maybe you dropped it somewhere?

No, that’s bad!!

Wha...What?!
Just take it easy.

Well, you see, I’ve got your picture in there.
I kept it there xxx lose it, but if someone will find it then…
Oh, I don’t have time for this.
So strange. I just had it while I was talking Shibahime in the hallway.
Where could it have gone?

I wonder if she…
Wait a second. That’s xxxxxx.
No, she would never.
Even if she does hate me...

Got it?
When we see Miss Miyazawa, we're all
going to say that we're sorry together.

Yeah, she’ll forgive us if we apologize, right?

Oh, Miss Miyazawa...
Huh?

Stop right there!
Now, you've really done it.
Now, you've made me angry.
You’re gonna find how terrifying it is to make me angry!

Not having friends anymore is actually rather refreshing.

No. Stop. Don’t do it. Please.

Stop running away!
Scream! Scream for me!!

Tsubaki!
Rika, Aya, sa...save me!

Save you? Save you from what?

No! Save me! No!

We don't want to get involved.
You did something stupid again, didn't you?

It might xxxxx have someone angry for once.
Make sure you survive, okay?

Traitors!

You crossed the line this time.

No!!

You can run but you can’t hide.

What’s going out?
Sounds like xxxx.

Where’s my wallet.

Hey, isn't that Miyazawa?

Why you did such a xxx.
I can’t believe you pull Arima into this.
I thought you would come after me.
But I was wrong.
You are heartless.
I knew you liked Arima so I was willing to accept that you hated me for being with him.
But if you're going to go this far, why don't you confess to him?
You can't even do that.
You’re disgusting.

I wanted to confess everything to him!
But Arima never noticed me at all!
The first time was on Valentine's Day in 7th grade.
Arima.

Oh, it’s you, Shibahime.
You like sweet things, right?
I don’t like chocolate.
You can have all this. Here.

And during the sports fest in 8th grade.

Shibahime, perfect timing.
Come with me.
You're a great help. The balls got scattered all over the place, and l didn't know what to do
So what did you want?

How insensitive.

I’m sorry.
I’m really dense about those things.

And the school trip in 9th grade.

Shibahime, get me xxxx bag. Hurry up!
Newspaper! Who’s got newspaper!
But Arima didn't accept anyone's confession, so I thought he wouldn’t fall in love.
Even if he thought of me just as his sister, I could be special to him.
I didn't care if he didn't notice!
I just wanted to be close to him.
So I studied thirteen hours a day to get into this school
But why did he do it?
Why did he get a girlfriend as soon as he got into high school?
It’s not fair.
Are you really surprised that I hate you?
I wanted to become Miyazawa.
I wanted to be noticed.
I wanted to be thought of as the most precious thing in the world.
I was so jealous you and Arima is driving me crazy.
No one never notices me. Ever.

l'm sorry.

From that on, things got lot better.

We're so sorry!

For some reason, the girls in my class apologized to me and started talking to me again.
But I can’t shake the feeling, somehow, she’s afraid of me.

She's scary when she gets pissed.
l'm glad we didn't make her mad at us.

For the first time in my life, I have people I can call “friends.”

Hey, Tsubasa.
Be honest. You actually rather like Miss Miyazawa, don't you?

Ha, not at all.

What is it?
Feeling sorry for me?
Well I can xxxxx pity.

Okay, xxxx technique.

What?!

You didn’t follow through properly.
You didn’t hide that you were the leader.
If you're going to trap someone, you’ve got to xxxxx.
I could have done much better.

You really piss me off!

Before I knew it, summer break was right around the corner.



A synopsis of what's to come!
The silent treatment is over and Sis has made peace with the entire class.
And stormy first semester finally comes to an end.
Oh, finally, Sis has friends!
Next time on His and Hers:
At the Beginning of Summer Break!
And one more!
