
  What's happened so far!
Our older sister, Yukino Miyazawa, is the all time queen of vanity.
But she's changed by Arima, a model student who tries to handle everything himself.
They influence each other’s lives, which leads to their mutual decision to live for their true happiness from now on.
I'm so happy for you, Sis.
After that, however, they encountered many difficult problems.
Somehow, they resolved every one of them.
After all, Sis never gives up.
And finally, they have their first high school summer vacation.
Sis goes out to play with the first friends she's ever made!
They do all sorts of things together like have tea, sing karaoke, and go window shopping.
We thought maybe Sis could finally start having some normal friends for once.
But by then, she'd been dragged into the problems of another household!

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h6&gt; 
Good morning.
Good morning.

Breakfast will be ready soon, okay?

Oh, I'll help.

It’s time to eat!

Oh man, it really doesn’t get any better than this.
Even the normal everyday breakfast becomes brighter when I’m surrounded by so many girls!
I was just thinking... maybe your mother and I should have another two or three children.

Xxx way! 
It’ too late for me to have more siblings!

I want a big brother.

Can we drop this conversation about having more kids while we’re eating breakfast?
Besides, there’s no guarantee you’ll get daughters.
You might get three sons.

In that case I'd start a baseball team.

We’re Moon, Snow, and Flower, so the new name would have to match.

Like Land, Sea, and Air!

Or Justice, Friendship, and Victory!

Well then, I'd want twin boys named Kouichi and Tsuyoshi.

A boy and girl twin named Love and Truth.

Flower and Dream!

Heaven and Earth.

Old Man and the Sea.

Romeo and Juliet!

Apples and Oranges.

This family is completely xxxx.

Jack and the Bean Stalk.

Track and Field!

Gr-and Canyon!

Abbott and Costello.

Pamela and Erson!

See you later!

Well, I guess I'II study or something.

That’s a good idea.

Can I borrow a desk?

You can sit here.
Just use Tsukino's.

Thanks.

I’m getting go home now.
Sorry for being so spoiled.
It's not like anything xxxx change even if I stay here longer.

All right, but... are you sure?

Yeah.
My Daddy's usually pretty xxx about things, but not this time.
All I can do is give up.


Tsubasa!

I'm home.

I'm so glad you came home.
I'm sorry. I should've considered your feelings more before.

It doesn't matter.
I just wanted to be a little spoiled.
But I’m all right now.
Do what you think is best, Daddy.

Thank you.

It doesn't matter anymore.
If l can't get what l want, then l don't want anything at all.
I don't care anymore.
I don't care.

You mean you’ve known her all this time, you've never even met her son?!
What's with you?
You kept on talking about remarrying, so I thought you had everything taken care of.
Nice going, Dad.
Adults are supposed to be more dependable than that.

Well I guess, I mean...
I figured that we'd get to know each other once you’re okay with everything.

My son is very casual about things.
He didn't seem to care much, even when I mentioned getting remarried.

I'm so nervous.
What if he doesn’t like me or something?

Hey. Chill out, Dad?

I have got to show xxxx dependable enough to be a father, right?

Relax.
There's nothing to worry about.

Oh, I spilled it!

Here, wipe it with this.

Xxxx Dad.
You’re such wussy, you know that?

Sorry.
I know I’m kind late.
Hi, I'm her son, Kazuma.

So xxxx, xxxxx music.
Rock’n roll, right?
Sounds like you're pretty serious about it.
That's pretty cool.

Yeah, but I’ve just started playing.
I’m not very good yet.

I don’t believe it.
Why does this guy who might become my brother have to be a punk rocker?
Looks like my lucklessness is as bad as ever.
I know I said it didn’t care but how the hell am l supposed to relate to this weirdo?
Well, I guess there’s nothing I can do about it.

So, what high school are you going to, Kazuma?

What was that just now?
Oh no, this is bad. What if he fell in love with me at first sight?
I hate xxx that happens?!
No! What’ll I do!?
If they get remarried, we'll be living in the same house together!
What am I gonna do if he looks at me weird?!
I’ve seen it on TV.
When the parents go out...
That's what’s gonna happen!
Nooo!!
Am I truly that unlucky?!
My life will be ruined!?
Oh, it's dessert.

Have mine.
Hey Mom, you've found a really nice guy.
It’s not really my business, I mean it’s your choice who you should live with, right?
But he's actually quite nice.
I mean I really like him.

Really? Thank you.
I'm glad you like me.

Besides, I'll have a cute kid sister, too.
Seventh grade, right?
You're so cute.
I'm so happy that I'm gonna get such a cute kid sister.
They said you’re my age, so I was a little worried about all this, but I guess I didn’t hear them right.
I'm so glad.
You guys, you should go get married right away.

Um, Kazuma... Tsubasa isn't in seventh grade...

What? You mean she's in grade school?!
She acts so matured.

No, Tsubasa is a freshman in high school.

Her birthday comes before yours!
She's your older sister.

What?!

Tsubasa's lost it!

Shut up!

I'm sorry! I'm really sorry!
I xxx mean it!

You're disturbing the other guests, so please calm down!

I told you she's the same age as you!

And at a high-class hotel!!


 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:2:&lt;h6&gt; 


