
  A synopsis of what's happened!

The masked model student, Yukino Miyazawa, quote, high school freshman, end quote, is a queen of vanity!

Her highest purpose in life is to show off her image, no matter what.
From the outside, she's pretty gifted with both brains and looks.
She’s the perfect model student in public.

How narcissistic!

But Sis made a huge mistake, and her mask has finally been peeled away.

The fortunate, or perhaps unfortunate, person to discover her true identity...

...is called Souichirou Arima. Quote, high school freshman, end quote.

He's a real super model student, too!
Good grades, good at sports, and he's got a good personality that everyone likes.

Though very different, they both share the same secret of being two-faced model students.

They become partners in the class committee, then good friends.
Then they were more than friends but less than a couple.
And after a long time they finally become boyfriend and girlfriend.

After having been influenced by each other's lives,
they decide to drop their masks and live only for their true happiness from now on.

We’re both so happy for you, Sis.

But it turns up the world isn't as simple and easy as that.

That's right. The world is really tough!

Then, as if to test their relationship, many school events prevent them from seeing each other, including the dreaded sports festival!

Then in order to advance his own ambition for a Maryland, this new guy is mean to Sis and tries to break them up.
He plans to use Arima when he becomes single again.
He is Hideaki Asaba, the sleazy handsome guy.

Sis and Arima get carried away by their love and goof off.
And that explains their final exam grades.

Because of that Sis begins to feel estranged from Arima.

On top of that, the teachers try to stop them from dating to save their grades.
The teachers even call their parents to try to break them up.

Having watched Sis from afar, Maho Isawa sees her true identity, and with her leadership, all the girls in the class ignore Miyazawa.

Tsubasa Shibahime had cared for Arima since middle school, and was really jealous of his feeling for Sis.

Then Sis was temporarily separated from Arima because of the summer kendo camp.

On top of that, the mid-summer sun is hard on a girl's skin!

And so, while enduring these numerous trials one after another, Sis finally makes some friends, and steadily makes progress in her relationship with Arima.

That woman sure doesn't give up.
So, after all of that, her first high school summer vacation has arrived.

Sis goes hanging out with her new friends for the first time!

Tea, karaoke, window shopping...
They do all the standard things that girls like to do.
Oh, Sis has finally made a proper debut with all her new friends!
Good for her.

But by then, she was already involved in the problems of another household.

And now, for the story of the person in question, Tsubasa Shibahime!

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h6&gt; 
 I won't accept my daddy getting remarried.
I'll take him back from that woman, no matter what I have to do.

So, that's the situation...
What do you think?
Is it okay if she stays the night?

ACT 12.0 “The Location of Happiness”

I knew it. I thought it was going to be something like that.
Really! That little monkey…
I'm glad I called. I'll be there in a sec.

Thank you!

Hello. Hi, there.

Hello, there. I'm sorry that idiot's been causing you problems.
You're going home, now!

Forget it, there’s no way you're taking me back there!
I'm not going home until Daddy splits up with that woman for good!

What kind of way is that to talk in someone else's house?!
Hurry up and get ready to go home, you butt monkey!

Shut up! I said I didn't want to!
Keep your nose out of it, you're not my mother!

Heh. Besides, I really don't need you anymore.
So just stop acting like you’re friends with me or something.

That hurt.

What the hell are you crying about?!
You really piss me off!!

Stop it! Stop it!

Shut up and quit causing me trouble!
We're going home now! Come on!

No!

Oh, come on, hurry up!

I said I don't want to!

Stop this nonsense!

No! Let go!

I have no idea what to say.
This situation is going from bad to worse.

Now, now, she doesn’t have to go home if she doesn’t want to.

Another people in the house isn’t a problem.
After all, it's summer break.
It’s really not a big deal for us.

Wow, that's way too nice!
This is what she always does!
She knows she's cute!
So if you're too nice to her, she'll just take advantage of you!

Just shut up and go home, already.
You can kiss my cute little butt!

Oh, I want to go home.

By the way, I called your dad and told him about this.
He said he'd come here straight from work.

What?!

Stop being such a spoiled brat.
You should take care of your problems yourself.

I'm sorry.
And you came all this way.

Oh, she really pisses me off.
Sometimes she makes me want to just hang her upside down and whip her.

S&M. That’s a little much for me...

Well, I guess I can understand why she acts like that.
Her family life is kinda complicated.
Her mother passed away while she was giving birth to Tsubasa.
Because of that, her father dotes on her and wants to spend all his time with her.
But he's busy with work, so he has to leave her with other people all the time.
That’s the way she grew up.
When I first met her in kindergarten, she'd just crouch in a corner and not talk to anyone or even look at them.
She kinda grew up stunted emotionally.
Even so, she'd been doing well with her father.
But now her father wants to marry some other woman, and Tsubasa just can’t stand it.
I think there’s a part of her heart that's never truly been satisfied.
Everyone in my family is still alive, so I can only imagine what it’s like.
Tsubasa didn't even get what everyone else just takes for granted.
I guess she's had to fill that void by herself somehow.
She's had to struggle with that, all her life.
I mean, that's just got to be really hard for her.

Who do you think you are, anyway?
You don't know anything about Arima!

Arima knew how that felt.
That's why he thought of her as a kid sister.
Back then, there was no room in Arima's heart to love someone.
He'd bury his past in his memories, and spend all his time trying to be perfect.
That was all he could handle.
As long as he wasn’t in love, Tsubasa was the special one.
Because somewhere in their hearts, they know they're two of a kind.
When the two of them are together, it's beautiful.
It's beautiful, but… somehow, there's such sadness in it.

You know, come to think of it, I don't think I've ever seen Tsubasa really laugh.
It’s tough for her now.
But I hope that someday, everything will finally work out in her life and she'll able to be happy.
You know, I have this feeling that Tsubasa’s real smile is probably pretty cute.

I’m sure.

Thanks for walking me.
I'm sorry she's a pain, but take care of that monkey, will ya?

Sure.

Who do you think you are, anyway?!
You don't know anything about Arima!

Maybe Arima is a lot more complicated and confused than I'd thought.
It could be that I only know one part of Arima.

It’s time to eat!

Dinner time! Dinner time!

Please don't be shy.
Eat all you want.

It's summer, so if you don't eat, you're going to get sick.

Well, I know it’s not much, but...

Oh no, it’s fine.
Please don't mind us.
I guess that isn't possible.

Man, hahaha, um, you know, Yukino's never had any friends sleep over before.
It makes me feel kind of nervous.

Why are you so embarrassed, all of a sudden?

Oh, please! You know what he's thinking?

Daddy, that's really nasty.

Ewwww!

This family is so...

Here it comes.

Yay! It’s a blue one!

Blue eight!

Blue three!

Blue two!

Blue zero.

Uh, oh, I'm sorry, Dear! Draw four!

Already? Oh, great.
All I have to do is draw four cards now, is that it?

It’s the greatest crisis of their whole marriage!

Then, green five!

Skip!

Oh, Tsukino, you're so mean!

Here’s green one.

Wild card, yellow!

All right, my Dear. Just leave yellow up to me. I've got lots of them.

The rift in their marriage is now completely repaired.

Yellow four.

Skip, skip, la la la!

What?! Again?!

Excuse me. Reverse.

All right. This is what you get.
Skip!

What?! How dare you?!

Yellow two, then

Yellow eight.

Draw two!

Uno.

What is this?

We've got to stop her!

We have to stop her to save the honor of the Miyazawa household.
Oh, no! I can't stop her!

Wait, wait, why am I the only one with so many cards?

Nobody panic.
I’ve got a fistful of cards myself to choose from.
This one's just for you. Reverse!

All right! That's our father!

Okay, green five. There.

Mom, I can't believe you didn't play that before.

Is this what a normal family is like?
I wonder if Arima was drawn to that part of her, too?
Drawn in by a happy family that doesn't seem to know what hardship is.
It’s no good. I can’t take it.
It's all just too painful to me.
I don’t get it.
Isn't it hard for him to be near a family like this, Arima?
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:2:&lt;h6&gt; 

Yes!

I'm sorry to be bothering you.
I know it’s very late.

What a hottie!

Wow, he's Tsubasa’s father, all right.
I can see the resemblance.

I’m sorry. I don’t know what to say.
I hear my daughter's been a problem...

Well, well, it seems like there's a lot to talk about, so why don't you come in and enjoy us for a little while?

Uh... Well then... thank you.

Mr. Shibahime?

I’m sorry. I’m sorry.

Are you all right?

He seems kind of clueless.

It seems that there has been a disagreement between my daughter and I about my decision to remarry.
I am embarrassed to have troubled your household.
Please forgive us.

Yeah, I can imagine how she feels.
She doesn’t want someone to take her dad away from her.
Right?

Will you shut up, Dad?

Keep your nose out of it.

You see, my wife died while giving birth to Tsubasa.
Ever since then, we've muddled through somehow.
But recently, my daughter ran into a stone wall on her skateboard.
The wall fell on her, and she was buried underneath the stones.
The accident put her in the hospital.
I was working and trying to take care of my daughter at the same time.
I was worried about what would happen to the two of us.
That’s when I met Hiromi.
She was a nurse at the hospital.
She encouraged me to keep going.
She told me that she had lost her husband and was now raising her child on her own.
After that, we sort of hit it off.
But you know, I admired her from the beginning because she was so professional and efficient.
And a while, I found myself thinking about her all the time.
When Tsubasa left the hospital, I got the courage to ask her to a movie.
The ''Kyoushirou Nemuri'' series was playing.
The actor, Raizou Ichikawa, was really cool.
We also saw the ''Sazen Tange'' series.
It was awesome.
I'm digressing, but the ''Pot of A Million Gold Coins'' was amazing.
And the realistic way the director portrayed the protagonist was absolutely riveting.
Those TV shows about the Shinsen Group and the Bakumatsu both rock.
But the best ones are the ''Detectives of the Great Edo'' and the ''Fang of Edo''.
We both appreciated the same things so we had a lot to talk about.

Nobody here asked you to tell the beginning of a love story!

That's true.

So that's why I thought it wouldn't be a bad thing to consider getting remarried.
I thought that's what would make everyone happy.
But you’re always fighting with me about it, Tsubasa.
Why won't you even consider it?

I don’t want it. I don't need to start a new family.
Stop telling me what's going to make me happy.
I don't like strangers coming into our house.
I don't like them messing around the kitchen
I don't like you laughing with another woman!
I don’t want some stranger as my mother!
I'm fine with things the way that they are.

Tsubasa, can I ask you?
Do you hate me?

Yeah.
You’re just acting like a mom.
It's obvious that you're trying to score points.

Tsubasa!

No, stop.
Tsubasa, that's not true.
I only have my son to raise, so I'd love to raise a girl as well.
Tsubasa, I honestly wish you were my real daughter.

I believe her.
If I could have a cute little daughter like her, I'd want to be her mother, too.

What's that supposed to mean?

Don't say creepy things like that.
You just want them to get remarried.
There aren't a lot of cute men out there who make a lot of money like Daddy does.

Tsubasa! Enough is enough!
Apologize to her!

Why should I?!
Why do you always have to take the side of that women?!
Why won't you ever listen to what I have to say about it?!
I wanted to always be just the two of us!
Forever and ever, just the two of us together!
Why are you always blaming me like I’m some spoiled brat?!
Why can't you ever understand my feelings at all?!

Tsubasa...

Don't touch me, you hag.

You... You hit me.
You've never hit me before...
Daddy's never hit me.

This is pretty serious.

Well then, think how things are going, maybe Tsubasa should stay here for the night.

Uh, well... you think?

Yes, I do. It’s better to leave her alone for a long while.

Yes…
Tsubasa, it's not that I don't love you anymore.
Please try to understand.
I still love you so much.
When they told me that you'd been in an accident, I thought I was going to go crazy.
I'd lost your mother, and if I'd lost you I didn't think I could go on living.
It was really hard for me to carry us both by myself.
I was so scared all the time.
I'm only human. I'm not perfect. I wanted someone who would support me.
Someone to keep on living with.
It's not like we're going to get married right away.
But please, just think about this with me.
Because if we think about it together, someday we might all find a happier place to be.
Please forgive us. I’m very sorry to have bothered you so much.

Not at all. We’re sorry we couldn't have helped you more.

There's a lot going on.
Don't give up!

Uh, right…

Good-bye.

Good-bye.

Bye-bye.

My daughters, I promise to you here and now,
if your mother ever dies, I’ll never ever remarry.

Uh, hold it, Dear, don't go killing me off!

Huh?! We almost forgot. There's watermelon in the fridge!
Seeing you just reminded us. Thanks a lot, Dad! Let's eat! Let's eat!

I love watermelon... maybe...

Tsubasa.
Tsubasa, you're my treasure.
I love you more than anything in the world.
I love you more than anyone. More than anyone.

Daddy used to say that to me.
But now that strange woman is more precious to him than I am.
Maybe I’m too much of a burden for him to raise all by himself.
He might be trying to get away from me.

You know that's not true.
Your father still loves you.
Everyone cares a lot about you, Tsubasa.

I hate men, all of them.
They treat you nice at first, but in the end, they always choose another woman.

I hope that someday, Tsubasa will find someone to make her happy.

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:4:&lt;h6&gt; 

Good work, guys.

Good work.

Good work, everybody

Kazuma, you were really great.
If you keep this up, I'll give you more songs to sing.

What? You mean it?! All right!

Man, you're so sassy.
You’re just a high school freshman.

All right, it’s time.
Give 'im a kiss! Kiss 'im!

Come on, guys, stop it!
You're all sweaty and nasty! Stop it!

Hey, I heard a rumor.
Is it true your mother is thinking of getting remarried?

What? Is that true?
You sure?

Uh, yeah. But it's got nothing to do with me.
It's like, I don't really care as long as it’s gonna make my mom happy.

I see.
You care about your mother a lot.

You're great, Zumappi.
Want me to give ya a kiss?

Deep down they're really good guys.
They're just a little on the wild side.
There is just no way I can tell them that the guy's got a daughter my age.

To be continued

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:6:&lt;h6&gt; 

A synopsis of what's to come!

Sis can't do anything about the problems of the other household!

And Tsubasa is consumed with apathy.

What will the Kazuma’s appearance bring?!

Next time, His and Hers:
The Subjectivity of Happiness!

I want a boyfriend, too.
  