
  The first semester was just about to come to an end.

“At the End of the First Semester”

Finals are over and sports competitions finished.
Summer vacation is on its way.
School athletes are looking forward to practicing their sports and whole school was buzzing with anticipation of summer break.

Good morning!
Good morning!

Until yesterday, Miyazawa had a lot of problems, but now, she has friends and she’s doing well with her classmates.

Oh, Arima. Good morning.
Good morning.

How cute. What’s a matter?

Shibahime pisses me off.
What she is trying is to get back at me?
A lot happene in the first semester.
I met Miyazawa.
We showed our hidden selves.
And we decided to became our real selves.
She took this square model student xxxxx completely, revealing the real me that I didn’t even know existed, and told me she loved me.
I was so happy that I’d met her.
I was so happy I could share all my high school moments with her.

It’s so hot these days.
The first semester is almost over.

Yeah.
When l think back, there sure were a lot of things that happened.
I was just thinking about the same exact things.

What if the second semester is this same?

I don’t wanna even think about it.

Oh, it's summer vacation already.

Are you going anywhere during summer break?

Nope. Maybe go to my grandfather's, but that's about it.
We aren’t that reach, so…
Oh, but I'm gonna hang out with the girls.
Movies, pool...

With your new friends?

That's right!
I'm finally making my debut with the girls!
Go to festivals, karaoke, you know?
I've never done stuff like that.
I'm so happy. I'm so happy.
Maybe I'll debut as a punk girl, too.
I can bleach my hair and something.
What about you?
You’re doing anything fun?

No. I'm busy this summer, so I don't think so.
Ah, Miyazawa...

Hmm?

There's something I haven't told you.

What is it?

There’s a kendo tournament in August.
I’m supposed to be in that, so I’m gonna have to do a lot of training.
So, I won’t be able to see you for a while.
We're going to the Nationals.
So, we'll be at a training camp all of July.
I wanted to tell you sooner, but l didn't know anything definite until recently...
And you were having a lot of other problems, so...
I’m sorry.

Oh, I see.
Sports teams have stuff like that, don’t they?
Come to think of it.
Oh, but it's great that you're going to the Nationals.
I had no idea you’re that good.
I only wish you’d told me earlier
Congratulations.
Oh, maybe I'll go watch the tournament. Where will it be?

It's in Kyoto...

Then I won’t quite be able to go, but I’ll be cheering for you.
Good luck! I’m sure you’ll do well.
I see. It's summer vacation...
It'll be strange not being able to meet at school every day.
I wonder why I never thought about that.

It's been taken for granted that we'll be near each other.
Ever since we started high school, we've noticed each other.
Ever since we met, we've hardly been apart for two days.
We influenced each other and we became our real selves.
Our relationship is based on something deep xxxx attraction.
The two of us learn just how special the other is.
The first semester ends.
Summer vacation begins.
Are you done with that?

Almost.

I'll call you.
I'll be done with everything by the 7th of August.
Then we can see each other.
We planned to go out, remember?

I'm getting depressed just because we won't see each other for a while.
I gotta learn to be okay with this.
I mean it’s not forever.

Believe me, I know. I feel the same.
For the first time since we met, we'll be spending time apart.
Hey, Miyazawa.
There's something I’d like to do before we leave each other.

What is it?

It’s just I wanna hold you close
Don’t worry. I won’t do anything.
But we’ve never done it properly yet...
If we can’t see each other for a while, then I want to know how the person I love feels in my arms.

Somehow, I feel relieved.
Yeah. Somehow, I feel relaxed.
It feels so good.
The shape of the person I love.
His weight.
His warmth.
It feels like my whole body is with happiness.
I don’t need anything else.
I never knew there was such serenity.
Oh, it’s terrible.
If I knew it’s gonna be this good, we could've done this a lot earlier.
What a waste.

Yeah, but I was embarrassed before.
Well. we’ll have a plenty of time later.

Yeah. Good luck at the Nationals.
Beat up those juniors and seniors and win the tournament!

Looks like the first summer is here.

Arima!
I heard you're going to the Nationals.
A thousand paper cranes.
I can't go but take these and think of me, okay?

Did you make all those by yourself?

That's right! I'll xxxxx!
I'll make sure xxxx boys go after you lovely Miyazawa!

I get the feeling that you're the evil one but thank you.

You're so mean!
Be careful, now.
You’re sure you wanna talk to me like that?
Miyazawa and I'm going to the pool, right?

What?! Miyazawa!
Have you lost you mind?!
You’re actually get go to the pool with a pervert like him?!

But my sisters are coming, too.
He's just a guy who's tagging along.

Oh really? You think so?
Come on!
I’m gonna show Miyazawa my gorgeous body I keep under my shirt.
Under the mid-summer sun...
This blinding, sparkling, smooth-as-porcelain gorgeous body of mine.

Quit it, Asaba!
Stop xxxxx xxxxxxx.

Well, you just go right ahead and practice your silly kendo.
Getting covered in sweat in your protective gear.
Go and live your smelly, hot youth.
But we’re gonna play.

Ahh, what is xxxxx.
I’ll be lonely without her, but I hope to be a better man when I come back.
Miyazawa might even love me more for it.



