
  A synopsis of what has happened.
Souichiro Arima who's in the same class as our big sister Yukino Miyazawa confessed his love to her.
But Miyazawa simply rejected him.
Right after that, Arima accidentally discovered her secret identity.
And she became Arima's servant.
During that time Miyazawa's first feelings of love grew toward Arima.
And at the end of all that chaos, they finally made peace.
For the time being their friendship has closed the distance between them. But at the very, very end, Arima said "My feelings for you didn't change. I loved you all along."
Now, what do you suppose happened to them after that?

Look over there! It's Miss Miyazawa.
She's just so cute. I wonder what book she's reading.
Salinger! She's sitting there and reading Salinger!
That girl's so romantic. It's the perfect book for her.
Man, I wish all the pretty girls acting like her.
Oh, look. It's Arima. He's so wonderful.
I wonder if he's really going out with Miss Miyazawa.
Arima, how are you?
Miyazawa! Why do you keep doing this?! You said you were going to be honest to yourself.
What's wrong with posing just a little bit? People don't change that quickly. And do you have to be so loud when you're nagging?
Until last week I, Yukino Miyazawa, and Souichiro Arima were both gifted in brains and looks, good at sports with good personalities. We used to be hard-core model students whose names resounded throughout the school. But the reality is different. Both of us had only been playing the model student. Arima, due to his defiance against his unhappy parentage, and myself, due to my craving to be praised, paid attention to and pampered by everyone around me. But by a twist of fate, we found out each other's true identities and we decided to stop acting in order to become ourselves. In order to become something you're not used to, it takes a little time and effort, you know? Really. You're so inflexible.
Well, that's actually not that big a deal... compared to the enormous problem that's in front of me right now.
Here you go.
Oh, the sports fest. Looks like a lot of trouble. Oh, there's a misprint.
Let me see. Where?
I-I-It's right here.
Oh yeah, you're right.
Right now, I'm confronted with a very urgent and important problem. We have not actually arrived at an official relationship yet. More than friends, less than a couple. We're frozen on the doorsteps of becoming an official couple. It's like driving with a practice permit. Why? Well, I guess that goes back to his confession.
I loved you all along.
Guess we should go home soon.
What? That's right. I missed my chance to say it. Why did you have to get so nervous now? Idiot! Idiot! Oh, I'm such an idiot! Oh, this is bad. This isn't the time to just go with the flow of things. I have to take actions somehow. Fate is meaningful only when you make your own way in life. I don't care about trying to be my real self anymore. Right now my top priority, my most important task is to confess my feelings to Arima. Nothing else matters.
However, although I've practiced how to push people away and actually done it too, this would be the first time I've confessed my love to someone. I have no examples or experience to base it on. Being a coward like this won't get me anywhere. I have to take some action!
Uh, Arima. Arima. Excuse me, see, I was told to go get a report from Science Room 1, but I'm kinda busy and I need to go do something. Would you go get it for me?
Of course.
This is my strategy. I lure Arima into Science Room 1 when there's no one there, and I will confess my feelings to him.
Hey there. Miyazawa, what's wrong? I heard that the juniors broke the fluorescent lights. Seems like the class room is littered with glass. It's a mess. What's wrong?
He's alone. My second chance is already here. I'm so lucky!
Oh, Miyazawa.
No!
What was that noise? Oh, my. Make sure you clean it up before you leave, okay?
I'm so sorry.
Hurry. Hurry. Hurry. Hurry. Hurry. A hallway with no one in it? Oh, I'm so lucky! My third chance!
Arima, I... I...
Representatives of home room class 1-A, Arima and Miyazawa, come to the faculty office immediately.
Must tell him. Must tell him. Must tell him.
This is my final chance of the day.
Arima!
Moral: in order to regain a chance you once lost, you will expend enormous effort.
Hurry. I must tell him soon. Hurry.
Come on, Sis. What are you talking about?
She's such a pain in the neck. Really.
I've been doing all these stupid things but I really do like Arima. Why, you ask? Well, let's see. His intelligence and good personality, of course. And his refined and neat atmosphere, and his calm and soft voice is wonderful too, and his beautiful brown eyes, his soft hair, and his slim, tall frame. And that Arima says he loves me.
What are you doing, Miyazawa? It's time for our meeting.
Arima's part of the problem too. I blush and stutter like an idiot. The least he could do is notice.
Notice!
Ever since then, Arima hasn't tried to show any feelings of affection. He probably thinks it'll bother me if he's too persistent. What a refined guy. Sheesh. He's got a really good poker face. I couldn't read him before, either. It'd be easier for me to say it if he'd show more emotions.
Show emotions? That's it. The timing's been wrong because I've been stubborn about saying it. I have to make a situation in which he'll accept it. If Arima's nervous, it'll make it easier for me to confess to him. I must crack his poker face!
He's alone. This is the return match that Heaven has bestowed upon me. New chance!
Arima!
Hi. What are you doing?
Nothing!

I'm home.
Oh. Hi there, Sis. Welcome home.
Sis, listen to this. You won't believe it! Tsukino was being really mean.
Never mind, Kano. It's already over. Drop it.
Today when I was in class at school...
And so that becomes this and this becomes like that, so this turns into this.
The teacher was really upset about it. Don't do weird things like that.
Well, seeing you sitting there I just felt like I had to make you laugh. 'Cause I love you, Sis.
Oh, year, right. Yukino, you say something to her too!
Middle school... yeah... sounds so fun and great...
Sis, are you okay?
Sis, what is it?
Yeah, what's wrong?
High school does things to you. Strange things that middle school kids could never really understand. Oh, but you wouldn't know about that. After all, middle school kids are happy all the time.
Yukino, what's with that snobbish attitude?
Ha! Knowing how she is, it's probably something with Arima. Knowing our lovely sister, she probably dug some sort of hole, fell into that hole herself and she's probably writhing in that hole right now. There's no helping it, really.
Kano, stop reading my mind! Quit it!
At times like this, I suddenly feel that I'm alone.
I have no friends that I can tell my problems to except for my family.
I'm all alone, except for Arima.
But then, getting all depressed isn't gonna help anything.
Guess I'll do what I have to do!
I must not let all of my failures to tell Arima get to me.
I have to think about this rationally.
Let's consider my mistakes up to now.
It seems that I need drastically change my methods.
I've been trying to convey my feelings directly.
My failure is due to my overdependence on conversations that depend solely on words.
If a direct attack doesn't work then maybe I should try to convey my feelings indirectly.
No!
These things are no good! It's super-embarrassing, this will never work.
I don't have this kind of literary talent!
Nope. This won't work either. I don't have any friends I can ask.
Go ahead, Sis.
Good luck, Sis.
Hello?
Oh...
What is this?
I've always accomplished everything in life quickly and skillfully. But now... I'm so afraid. I've never been like this before.
We both love each other. I want to tell him how I feel. So, why can't I do it?
Well, Miss Miyazawa, can we leave the rest up to you?
We have to go to cram school.
Okay.
Oh, Yukino, what in the world are you doing?
I can't believe it! I'm a step away from enjoying a rosy lovey-dovey life!
Oh? Where's everyone else?
They went home already. They left me to finish up.
Oh. I came down since club ended early.
Hey, I'll help you.
Oh, thanks.
We're alone, just the two of us.
Yay! Unexpected luck! Chance for a surprise attack!
Oh, sorry. I'll pick them up.
It's okay.
What'll I do? He noticed. He saw me watching.
But I have to say it. I have to say it now. If I just say it plainly like my usual self then...
But... how?
Won't he think, "Why now after so long?"
Won't he think, "You didn't say anything earlier and it's been days."
Besides, I don't know if he still loves me now.
That's right. He might've loved me then but that doesn't mean he still does now.
He might have become disillusioned with me somehow.
I mean I've been so wound up lately... I might've been doing weird things when I wasn't thinking. Because I'm weird! I'm a show-off, a liar! My personality isn't good either. I'm not well-made like Arima. Even if Arima says he loves me I have no idea what he likes about me. Because I have no idea what's good about myself.
Miyazawa? Something wrong?
Nothing.
It doesn't matter. It's okay if we just stay friends.
Becoming his girlfriend isn't the beginning and the end of the world.
I don't care if we just stay friends because... if I lose the one and only Arima...
Uh, Miyazawa... you haven't told me how you feel about me.
When will I get an answer?
Huh? It's okay if we just stay friends. He might've loved me then, but it doesn't mean he does now. It doesn't mean he loves me now. It doesn't matter. It's okay if we just stay friends. I don't want to lose him.
Well, I'm sure I must look very ugly right now.
Now, finally, I understand. I know what was making me act that way. I was scared.
I was running away.
I'm such a coward.
I was trying to protect myself.
I was running away so I wouldn't get hurt. I didn't try to trust Arima.
Now that I think about it, even when I was trying to confess to him, I might not have been really serious.
Why am I like this?! I'm so ashamed! What'll I do?! I...
Now, now, now, now. Please don't cry so much.
Besides, you know your problem.
When you've found the truth and looked reality in the face, you've practically half-solved the problem already.
Huh?
I don't get it. What are you talking about?
No, uh, you see...
Sis, you've never been hurt before.
For as long as you can remember, people have praised you.
And on top of that, you've been hiding yourself skillfully, so you've become afraid to show your true self.
So even if your fake self can't feel any pain, your real self can get hurt.
Sis, right now, you're terrified of getting hurt by Arima.
Now I see.
But you know, I think you've realized at some level that being afraid of getting hurt is because you care more about your feelings than his.
I think that being in love with someone is actually the opposite of that, don't you think?
Oh, Kano, you're so amazing. How is it you know so much about life?
Hehe, it's the wisdom I gained from comic books!
I need courage. If I don't overcome this hurdle, I won't reach love.
Good morning.
Good morning.
So, we'd like all schedule changes on the day of the sports fest to be directly conveyed by the top person in charge at each post. I think that's the...
If I say it out loud, I might make a mistake again.
If I'm going to get hurt, I would want it to be with Arima first.

A synopsis of what's to come!
Finally, Sis and Arima have become a couple!
But the harsh reality brings her new enemies and ordeals!
Oh, when will Sis find happiness?
Next time: His Ambition.
  