
Izumi: To think…you saw “It” and managed to survive…I doubt you even know that how impressive that is…

Edward: I…No…

Izumi: Regardless, I can’t accept the decision you made. You’re expelled!

Alphonse: But teacher…!

Edward: Al…

Izumi: The trains are still running. Get on one.

Edward: Thank you…for everything…


Episode 13 Beasts of Dublith(ダブリスの獣たち)


Sig: Feel free to drop by if you have ever in town.

Alphonse: I’m not sure about that…

Sig: You Idiots!

Edward & Alphonse: !?

Sig: You’re so busy pounding you can’t see what will exposure means. You aren’t her students anymore. So now you are finally free to speak to Izumi as equals. Unless of course you are too chicken to try it.

Edward: Ah…Damn! Al, we haven’t done what we came here to do in the first place! Thank you! We are heading back there right now!

Sig: Don’t let her kill you!


Edward: Teacher!

[Izumi throws a knife at Edward]

Edward: AGH!

Izumi: WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING COMING BACK HERE!? And you call me “Teacher”!? I do not teach scum like you! Get out of my home!

Edward: Teacher!

Alphonse: We came to you because we’re trying to find a way to get our bodies back.

Edward: And we won’t leave without your help!

Izumi: Get out now!

Edward & Alphonse: We are staying!

Izumi: You idiots…

Izumi: Al, you didn’t see the Truth, did you?

Alphonse: No, I don’t even really know what that means.

Izumi: You must’ve lost your memory from the shock. We need to get Al’s memories back. His entire body was taken from him. Just think what he must’ve seen.

Edward: Oh yeah, we only exchanged parts of our bodies for what we saw. But Al paid the toll with his entire physical being. He must’ve seen more of the Truth than either of us did.

Alphonse: So, if I can remember what I saw, then we’ll know how to get our bodies back?

Izumi: But the memory of that thing…

Edward: That thing…!

Alphonse: What!? Is it something bad?

Izumi: No, it’s more like…awful!

Edward: Yeah! Horrifying!

Izumi: It could drive you insane…

Edward: Or even leave you brain dead…

Alphonse: That doesn’t matter. If there’s a chance that it can help us. Then I want to do it.

Izumi: Alright...I have an acquaintance that might know a way to retrieve your memory for you.

Edward & Alphonse: Uh!

Izumi: But. Let's eat dinner first. Give me a hand!

Edward & Alphonse : OKay!

[Outside of Izumi's home]

Bido: The rumors are true! He's able to transmute human souls!


Grumman: There’s only one week left until the big transfer huh?

Mustang: Yes sir.

Grumman: It just won’t be the same without you…you’ve brought a little color to this dreary desert.

Mustang: I’m boring compare to some of the stories I’ve heard about you.

Grumman: With all of your hard work has made my life easier. Farley got to relax.

Mustang: And I feel like I've grown as an officer thanks to variety of work you’ve allowed me to take on...Checkmate!

Grumman: Agh!

Mustang: It took me long enough to reach you.

Grumman: You can consider that my going away gift.

Mustang: Well then…If you’re in the gift giving mood, there’s something else I’d like.

Mustang: Master Sergeant Kain Fuery! Warrant Officer Vato Falman! Second Lieutenant Heymans Breda! Second Lieutenant Jean Havoc! First Lieutenant Liza Hawkeye! Gather up your things! All five of you are transferring to Central with me! And no objection! Understood?

Havoc: I’ve got the problem sir…See, I just started dating this girl and I really like her…

Mustang: DUMP HER!


Boy: Come on! Not again? Your wounds are never gonna heal if you don’t give it a rest!

Scar: …! Master…

Scar: I’m glad that you’re well…

Master: I was informed that you’ve been targeting State Alchemist for execution. I know the animosity with you. The State Alchemist is responsible for the burning of our village and the death of our loved ones…but, your vengeance will only sell the seeds of flatter by a route. What you’re doing is senseless revenge. And it’s feeding a fruitless cycle of death. You must end this cycle once and for all.

Bounty hunterA: Anybody home? Would you look at that! He really is here! He has got scar and everything!

Bounty hunterB: Looks like you got yourself a deal! We’ll split the bounty three ways with you…what the…guess he didn’t want the reward…

IshvalanA: Yoki! How could you do something like this!?

IshvalanB: We took you in and treated you like a family when you have nowhere else to go!

Yoki: Just shut up! I’ve never even wanted anything to do with you Ishvalans! You lost your war but I’ll rise again! I’ll rise up! I will rise! And I’ll use my power to annihilate Edward Elric! Now then…Uh, capture him please…so we can fetch all money…

Scar: It’s obvious that I only bring more trouble if I stay here…

Bounty hunterB: Well, thanks for making this easy, Pal…

[Transmutation]

Bounty hunterA: What the hell!? What you do to him!?

Scar: I’ll give you a few moments to pray to God…

Bounty hunterA: You should be the one pray it, freak!

[Transmutation]

Yoki: NO! NO! WAIT! Please, I’m sorry. Please don’t kill me, please! I’m begging you! Just spare my life! I’ll do anything…

Master: So you’re leaving then…Your brother would be sad…

Scar: Still it’s…too late…to turn back now…


Dolchetto: He’s here…There you are! About time.

Alphonse: “We know your secret. Meet us at the Devil’s Nest if you want to talk”. I’m guessing you’re the people that wrote this note?

Dolchetto: That’s right. And we know a lot about you.

Alphonse: Well that’s good, because there’s a lot about me that I don’t know.

Dolchetto: Then I’m the guy you want to talk to. Why don’t you come with us?

Alphonse: But my teacher always said, I’m not supposed to go with strangers.

Dolchetto: Uh…how old are you?

Alphonse: Fourteen.

Dolchetto: Well come on, then! I’d say fourteen is old enough to think for yourself, kid. You gotta act like an adult, start taking some risks.

Alphonse: You think so!? I should think for myself!?

Dolchetto: Yes! And you can start by coming with…

[Alphonse attacks Dolchetto]

Alphonse: So I thought it over for myself, and I decided that I just make you tell me what I want to know.

Dolchetto: So you want to do this by force…

Martel: Sorry to draw in.

Alphonse: Ah! You’re inside me!?

Martel: Hey! Be a good boy! Hold stay! So what it’s like having someone who control you from inside?

Alphonse: You can’t stop me from moving! And you’re not strong enough to hold this up forever!

Martel: You’re right…but…All I’m trying to do is slow you down a little…

Roa: From my turn…You’re alright in there?

Martel: Oh, I’m wonderful…

Dolchetto: You’re making this way too hard kid..

Alphonse: You people aren’t human are you!?

Greed: Good guess. They’re Chimeras. And they happen to work for me…


Fullmetal Alchemist


Greed: Hagh…Cool. You’re actually hollow…My name is Greed. And I wanna be you’re friend.

Alphonse: Then, why don’t you tell me what you people really are?

Greed: Huh?

Alphonse: You’re not Chimeras. It’s impossible! No one has made Chimera that can talks.

Greed: You can’t believe everything the government tells you kid…You got all the proof you need right inside you. The girl in there is part snake. And this big guy here…Roa, What were you made with? Cow?

Roa: Yeah…

Greed: We’ve also got a lizard and a crocodile. And the little rat you took down earlier tends to lift his leg when he pees…

Dolchetto: Only once!

Alphonse: You’re part dog!?

Dollchetto: Yap! It’s really not so bad.

Alphonse: I don’t believe it…it’s not possible! Who would even be capable of creating one…

Greed: The military.

Alphonse: Are you saying…

Greed: You got it…there’s a shadow world beneath yours that jam packed with the impossible…How I more uncommon than they are. I’m a Homunculus.

Alphonse: A Homunculus!?

Greed: You know what that means right? I’m an artificially created human. Really. No joke.


Alphonse: Homunculus?

Edward: It’s a person made from Alchemy.

Alphonse: But doesn’t that book say you’re not supposed to try and make people?


Alphonse: You’re lying! A Homunculus is just a theory! Nobody has made one!

Greed: Oh, man…Guess I got to prove it…

[Roa smashes Greed’s head]

Alphonse: Why did you do that, damn!?

[Alchemic reaction]

Greed: That’s one time I’ve died.

Alphonse: No way…

Greed: You get it yet? “Nothing is Impossible”. Alright? I’m a little surprised you have such a hard time accepting that, considering you’re just a soul in the suit of armor.

Alphonse: Who told you that?

Greed: People like to talk in the shadow world. And I've got plenty of friends…Huh, well…let’s get this casual chit-chat. I’m more interested in hearing what it’s like to have a body that will never die. An individual soul transmuted and bound to an object? It’s sounds like that's the perfect recipe for immortality to me…Let me explain. See, I’m "Greed". I want everything you can think of! Money and Women! Power and Sex! Status, Growly! I demand a finer things. And of course, I creed eternal life!

Alphonse: Aren’t you already immortal?

Greed: Well, I guess I was put togeter a little sturdier than the most. I am nearly two hundred years old. But I wouldn’t exactly say that I’m immortal. So…I’ve spilled my guts all over. Told you my darker secret. Now it’s your turn! How did you get your body!?

Martel: Just make it easy and tell him. Unless you rather be examined…Which means you will have to take you a part.

Alphonse: I wish I could tell you…That would mean, I actually remember how I got it. But even if I could, I’m not the one who did the transmutation.

Greed: That’s not the problem. In that case, I’ll just have to ask the person who did.

Edward: Now where would the seven foot tall suit of armor run off to?

Bido: I ‘ll be happy to tell you where you can find him. But first, you tell me what is your secret is…


Bido: Agh!

Alphonse: Brother!

Edward: Never really crossed my mind that you could get kid napped…

Alphonse: Brother! This guy is a Homunculus!

Edward: Are you serious?

Greed: Hey! Wait to ruin it…

Alphonse: You might be able to get some leads from him how to get our original bodies back!

Edward: An Uroboros tattoo…

Greed: Are you observe it? I was hoping that I’d only have to deal with the little armor giant.

Edward: Why don’t you just ask your partners whatever you wanted to know?

Greed: Partners?

Edward: Yeah. The rest of the Uroboros gang from the Fifth Lab. They had a couple of armor bonded souls with them as well.

Greed: You don’t say…well it’s kind of a long story…But we don't talk much anymore…I’ve got the little proposal for you. You guys are pretty desperate to get your bodies back, right? Because, I can teach you how to fabricate your own homunculus in no time at all. In return, all I ask is you teach me how to transmute a soul. Classic “Equivalent Exchange”…Hgh, but I really don’t understand why you would want your other body back. Seems like you’ve got one that’s perfect already!

Alphonse: No, I don’t!

Greed: You’re joking right? You don't need to eat. You don't need to sleep. You don't even need to use the toilet! Sounds great to me!

Edward: That’s enough… SHUT YOUR DAMNED MOUTH! AHHHH! SOUNDS GREAT TO YOU!? IT SEEMS PERFECT!? YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THE HELL HE'S GONE THROUGH STUCK WITH THAT BODY! AND YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW TO TRANSMUTE A SOUL!? YOU KIDNAPPED MY BROTHER AND YOU WANT TO TRADE SECRETS WITH ME!? I'M GONNA CRUSH YOU, CREEPS! I'LL SMASH YOU! END YOU! AND I WON'T GIVE YOU SLIME ANYTHING! In other words there won’t be an exchange with you SCUUUUUM!

Dolchetto: I guess we’re doing this by force again…

Greed: Don’t kill him alright?

Dolchetto: Yeah, Yeah…

Edward: You’re a lot slower than a prisoner I know!

[Edward knocks down Dolchetto]

Edward: Next!

Greed: Roa…Get the armor kid out of here. Guess we’ll dismantle then.

Roa: Right!

Alphonse: Hey, hold on!

Edward: Drop him!

Greed: Nop, Sorry. That little hand sword of yours is kind of unique but it can’t even scratch my Ultimate Shield!

Edward: Guard your head next time!

Greed: Oh, that hurt…That move would hospitalize most people…

Edward: But you’re not like most people huh!?

Greed: Well, my body is…All that excepting my part of my Ultimate Shield and advanced healing powers…Nothing special…But you’ll never gonna beat me. So I suggest you making a deal. Oh…You’re a one of those guys…you don’t care somebody beats the crap out of you but if someone lies a finger on family member, you’ll completely freak out. What a waste…you lose your temper like this and you’ll gonna lose my information and your brother…

Edward: My brother is fine! He's just waiting for me to kick your ass! You’ve already told us you’re not immortal, remember!? And your Ultimate Shield doesn’t cover much!

Greed: Hahahahaha! Sorry to let you down! But I’ve been holding back! This obscures my handsome face, so I try not to wear it that much…I wasn’t kidding…KID! Try all you like but you’ll not gonna beat me!


Sig: I’ve found this lying in the array.

Izumi: Then you’re saying…They’re both missing? THOSE IDIOTS! THEY CAN’T EVEN SWEEP THIS STREET WITHOUT GETTING INTO TROUBLE!? THEY’RE LUCKY I’VE EXPELLED THEM OR OTHERWISE I’LL KILL THEM!

Mason: I think I can help! Here, catch! A friend of mine noticed the short blond haired kid heading into a bar called the “Devil’s Nest”.


Greed: You dead yet? There you go! You’re chock-full of piss and vinegar! I appreciate your effort but you just can’t win! So, Are you ready to tell me your secret now? Hgh?

Edward: Thanks for toying with me…

Greed: What?

Edward: You gave me just enough time to cool off and start thinking clearly…It’s my mechanic are amazing or what? Even after all this, it’s still working…

[Transmutation]

Greed: How long you wanna drag this out kid? It will be still much easier if you just…stay down!

[Greed’s Ultimate Shield has broken]

Greed: Well...that was bizarre…good as new…

[Transmuting]

Greed: What was…that for!?

[Transmuting]

Greed: Come on! Again? Try a new one…AGH!?...What the hell did you do to my Shield?

Edward: It's actually pretty simple once you think about it…You may be a Homunculus but you’re really shouldn’t have told me that your body is human! Considering that means a third of it is made of carbon! The hardness of carbon various depending on how the atoms are arranged. So it’s obvious that’s what your shield is made of! Once I got that figured it out, the rest is simple Alchemy!

Greed: I'm glad to hear it! It’s no fun of it! Now shut it!

Edward: And there’s one other important thing I’ve noticed! You can’t hard your shield and heal at the same time!

Greed: I think that it’s safe to say that I underestimated you…But, how much longer can you keep this up in your condition?

Izumi: Sorry to barge in like this…

Edward: Uh…Teacher!?

Izumi: You Damn embezzler!

Edward: AGH!

Izumi: You think if it’s funny not to put the bloom away!? I asked you question!

Edward: No! I’m so sorry!

Izumi: Thanks for your hospitality. He definitely needed the excise.

Edward: Teacher! Careful! He is a…

Izumi: Yes, I know. I could hear that two of you all the way down the hall!

Greed: Agh…Give me a break. Don’t tell me you’re gonna try and start anything lady? It’s no fun fighting a woman…

[Transmutation]

Izumi: Haaaaa!

[Izumi attacks Greed]


Greed: Hahahaha! Well now…just what the hell are you!?

Izumi: You asked what I am…?

[Izumi points herself]

Izumi:A HOUSEWIFE!!!


<preview>

Even the mighty have no choice but to azure to a great power. No matter how strong one is…there was always another above them. But as long as one spirit retains its pride, it will also remain indomitable. Next time on FullMetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Episode 14 “Those Who Lurk Underground”. There’s much more to our existence that what we can see…
  