
[Radio]: God’s children who live upon this land. Pray and faith and thee shall be saved. Those who have lost thy way the Sun God Reto shall shine…

Shop keeper: So what are you guys? Like street performers or something?

Edward: Seriously, Do we look like street performers to you!?

Shop keeper: Oh yeah, so I am.

Edward: Let’s go, Al.

[Radio falls]

Shop keeper: Hey! Easy, eh!? Mean enough to buy it!?

Edward: Sorry, accident. We’ll fix it.

Shopkeeper: How’s that? It’s fetch to hell!

Edward: Watch and learn grants.

Alphonse: Okay. Here it goes!

[Alchemic reastion]

Edward: There, see? How’s that?

Shop keeper: Amazing! It’s a miracle! You’ve been touched by the Sun God! Just like Father Cornello!

Edward: Touched by who now?

Alphonse: It’s not a miracle, it’s Alchemy.

Liore Citizen: Oh, so you two are alchemists. Right, I've heard of them.

Edward: Then maybe you've heard of us! We're the Elric Brothers!

Shop keeper: The Elric Brothers, you say...

Liore Citizen: Wait…I do know that name.

Liore Citizen: The Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric is that right?

Citizens: Wow…So you’re the young prodigy he tells the stories about?

[Citizens gathering in front of Alphonse]

Alphonse: No, um... It's not me!

Lior Citizen: What? You mean it's the little guy?

Edward: WHO'S LITTLE?! COME UP HERE AND SAY IT TO MY FACE, I DARE YOU
!


Episode 03 City of Heresy(邪教の街)

Edward: So, what's with this guy on the radio?

Shop keeper: Th…That's our leader, Father Cornello...

Lior Citizen: We were lost, until he came to town and began teaching us all the ways of the Sun God Leto.

Lior Citizen: He grants eternal life to the souls of the faithful.

Lior Citizen: He can even resurrect the dead! His miracles are proof that what he says is true!

Edward: So this guy's claiming he can bring the dead back to life? Now that's something I got to see...

[Cornello transmute follower into statue]

Edward: So that’s it, huh? What do you think?

Alphonse: There’s nothing to think, that’s alchemy. No doubt about it.

Edward:But somehow he’s ignoring "the Law of Equivalent Exchange". He should’ve only been able to transmute that flower into an object of equal mass.

Alphonse: And he’s changing organic matter into inorganic matter. He shouldn’t be able to do that. Unless…

Edward: Yeah, there’s just one way...Bingo.

[Church]

Rose: Oh merciful God, please hear me, hear my prayer, I beg of you. Please bring him back.

Edward: Hah…So this is the almighty Leto…?

Rose: Welcome, are you interested in Letoism?

Edward: Nope, can’t say I am. Not really the religious type.

Rose: Well, I’m sorry to hear that… To know God is to know hope…If we believe in divine grace, and through him all things are possible…If you believe, I’m sure Leto would bless you and make you grow taller!

Edward: WHAT’S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?

Alphonse: Easy brother! She’s just trying to help!

Edward: What about bringing the dead back to life? Do you believe that’s possible too?

Rose: Yes…

Edward: Water thirty five Liters, carbon twenty kilograms, ammonia four Liters, lime one point five kilograms, phosphorus eight hundred grams, salt two hundred and fifty grams, saltpeter one hundred grams, and various other trace elements...

Rose: Huh!?

Edward: That list represents the complete chemical makeup of a human body for the average adult. It's been calculated to the last microgram, but still there has never been one reported case of successfully creating a human life. And you're telling me something modern science can't do, you can do with prayer?

Rose: Lift thy voice to God! And the prayers of the faithful shall be answered!

Edward: Did I mention all those ingredients I read off? Down at the market, a kid could buy every one of them for the spare change in his pocket. As it turns out, humans are pretty cheap.

Rose: No, that's blasphemy! People are…we're all children of God...created in his image!

Edward: Heh. You have to understand, alchemists are scientists. We don't believe in unprovable concepts like creators or gods... We observe the physical laws that govern this world to try to learn the truth. It's ironic, really. That through the application of science, we have in many ways been given the power to play gods ourselves.

Rose: So you're putting yourself on the same level as God? That's just...sheer arrogance!

Edward: You know there's an old myth…about a hero who flew on wings made of wax... He thought he could touch the sun, but when he got too close, his wings melted, and he came crashing back down to earth... Right, Al?

Alphonse: Brother...

Edward: I’m sorry, Miss…this is difficult for me to ask…But do you think your Father Cornello could even save an arrogant scientist like me?

Rose: Of course, that’s wonderful! If anyone can lead you to creator like he can.


Cray: Father Cornello, there are visitors here who wish to see you. A child with the man wearing the suite of armor. They were only give their name, as “the Elric brothers”.

Cornello: I can’t be honored now. Just send them away…Wait…the Erlics? You’re sure what they say? You’re positive?

Cray: Yes, Father. That’s what they call themselves. No mistake.

Cornello: Damn! And this is a problem…Edward Erlic, the Fullmetal Alchemist is come to calling us!

Cray: That’s him!? The man in the armor!?

Cornello: Hum…just seem the part of its scene.

Cray: But why would a State Alchemist be here in Lior? Surly, they got to find out our plans…

Cornello: It’s possible. The dog’s nose is too sharp for his own goods.


Cray: This way please. The Father Cornell is a busy man as you can imagine. But you’re in luck. He decided to spare moment to you.

Edward: Yeah, thanks! And we understand! We won’t take too much of his time!

Cray: Good…And it’s agreed. We’ll make this quick.

Rose: Brother Cray…What is this!? What do you think you’re doing!?

Cray: Rose, these heathens have come to ensnare and discredit the Father. They’re evil! This is God’s will!

Rose: Brother Cray…

Edward: Well, like you said…Let’s make this quick!

[Edward fights back]

Edward: Oh, Yeah! Strike!

Cornello: What’s this commotion? Ah, the Fullmeatal Alchemist. Welcome to our home of sacred order.

Rose: Father Cornello!

Cornello: I must apologize for my disciple’s behavior. It would seem, they’ve misguided.

Edward: Okay, let’s say I believe you were the one who guiding them. What next?

Cornello: Have you come to learn the ways of Leto?

Edward: Well, there’s few things I’m curious about. Like how you’ve been using second rate Alchemy to deceive your followers.

Cornello: My dear boy, I don’t know what you mean. What you’re doubting I see as Alchemy are the miracles of Sun God Leto.

[Alchemic reaction]

Corenallo: Look again. Could mere Alchemy create something out of nothings in this way?

Edward:Yeah…That’s what’s I didn’t get it first. How can you perform transmutations that ignore "the Law of Equivalent Exchange”?

Cornello: As I said! Because it isn’t Alchemy!

Edward: Then, I started thinking about it. If you’d somehow manage to acquire certain object to amplify your Alchemy. One that said to make impossible possible. That would’ve explain everything!

Cornello: What?

Edward: I’m talking about the Philosopher’s stone. Your ling! That’s it isn’t it!? I’ve been looking for that!

Cornello: The ling is just a ling. I am God’s humble servant and from him alone that alive my power!

Edward: Still try to sell that line, huh? If that’s the way you wanna play, then I guess I have to come up and beat some true out of you!

Cornello: My…you really are quite incorrigible heathen aren’t you? Rose dear…

Rose: Yes, Father…?

Cornello: That gun beside you…pick it up.

Rose: O…Okay…

Cornello: Now, child I want you to shoot Fullmetal Alchemist.

Rose: No, I…Father I can’t do that!

Cornello: I am the Sun God chosen emissary. My word is the word of Leto himself. Shoot him Rose. It’s God’s will. Why hesitate? When you lost your fiancé, due that tragic accident last year, who was it that save you from the very depth of despair? Have you forgotten?

Rose: It was you…Father…

Cornello: That’s right! It was I who took your hand and let you into God’s light! And you recall what it was I would have promised you then?

Rose: You said it if I pray, you’ll bring him back to life!

[Rose points a gun at Alphonse]

Alphonse: No, wait! It’s not me! I’m his…

Edward: LISTEN! I’M THE FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST! YOU GET THAT!?

Cornello: Him!?

Edward: IT’S ME!

Cornello: It’s the short one!? You’re kidding!

[Rose points a gun at Edward]

Rose: I’m sorry…but I…I have to do this. I don’t have any choice…

Edward: He spends lying to you Rose.

Rose: You’re wrong! I’ve seen his miracles! Father Cornello will bring him back to life! I have faith!

Edward: Fine, then shoot.

[Rose accidentally shoot Alpfonse]

Edward: Al!

[Rose got scared]

Cornello: Good. God Leto is pleased. You have done well my child. Now pick up the gun and shoot the others as well.

Alphonse: Haven’t you made it you enough already?

Cornello: Hah!?

Rose: Your…have…I thought you were…

Edward: Don’t worry about it. He is pretty solid.

Alphonse: Yeah. See? No harmed at all.

Cornello: An empty suite of armor that walks and speaks!? You still doubt it Rose? This unholy thing is an abomination! Evil of this kind must be purged!

[Chimera appears]

Cornello: And I believe my Chimera should be opted to the task!

Edward: So this is the sort of thing you do with the Philosopher’s stone? That’s just twisted…Anyway…looks like I need a weapon.

Cornello: No transmutation circles!? So the State Alchemist highly isn’t just for show. You truly are gifted! However…Your little spear is no much for Chimera’s craws and tears through wire!

Edward: Huh! You’ve shredded my pants! I guess those craws don’t do so good against steels!

Cornello: Bite him! You stupid beast!

Edward: You like that kitty? Go on…get the good taste!

[Edward knocks down the Chimera]

Cornello: Your arm. A brother trapped in armor! I see. It's all becoming clear now. You did it, didn't you? The one thing even the most novice alchemist knows is strictly forbidden!

Edward: Why don't you come down here and try me! I'll show you real quick who the novice is!


Fullmetal Alchemist


Edward: Why don't you come down here and try me! I'll show you real quick who the novice is!

Cornello: Rose...this is the price of their sin...These fools attempted human transmutation…the greatest taboo for any alchemist! In their arrogance, they tried to bring someone dead back to life!


Edward: He thought he could touch the sun, but when he got too close, his wings melted, and he came crashing back down to earth...


Rose: Oh no...

Edward: This is what happens when you try to play God, or whatever you want to call it... Take a good look, Rose. Is this what you want?

Cornello: So this is the great Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric…Not even half a man...! Hell, not even half a boy!

Edward: And what're you!? You're just a phony that can't do anything without a Philosopher's stone!

Alphonse: Father. We just want you to hand over the Stone before you get hurt.

Cornello: Don't be absurd! Why, so you can use it for yourself!? Please…If you fools are really so eager to play God, then perhaps I should send you to meet him instead!

Edward: Nah. Me and god, we don't get along too well. Even if I went... he'd probably just send me right back here.

[Edward, Alphonse and Rose try to escape]

Edward: This way!

Cornello: Well, don’t you stand there! After them! They’re here to seek the holy order! They must have been stopped!

Guard: That’s far enough.

Guard: What are you gonna do, boy? You’re unarmed and outnumbered. Look, just come quietly. We don’t wanna have to wrap you up.

[Transumuting]

Guard: Don’t go easy just because they are kid, you got that?

[Alphonse kicked the guard and they’ve run away]


Alphonse: What do you think of Conello now, Rose? He just open fire. He didn’t care if you’re in the way.

Rose: But…that’s because…What he said back there was true isn’t it?

Alphonse: We are not evil. All we wanted is to see our mom’s smile again. But our transmutation failed. What we made…wasn’t even human. We’ve learned our mistake I the hard way. People don’t come back from the dead. No doubt.

Rose: That’s not true! I mean…

Alphonse: Alchemy is based on "the Law of Equivalent Exchange"...The price of even a failed human transmutation was enormous...It cost my brother his left leg...and it cost me my whole body...Do you see it...? My brother drew that with his own blood. His leg had been taken. He was bleeding. I can't imagine the pain he was in...But through all that, he still gave up his right arm to transmute my soul, and bonded me to this suit of armor. Now, I just want to help him get his body back to the way it was. He wants to find a way to get me back to normal, too. It won't be easy. We might even get killed along the way... But that's the path we chose... All we can do is keep moving.

Rose: But, father Cornello said…he said he could do and he promised me…Just because you and your brother failed but that doesn’t mean…it doesn’t mean he will!


Cornello: There you are, you infernal brat!

Edward: Look, can we just cut the crap and talk here...? All I want are some straight answers about the stone. Tell me what I need to know and I'll be on my way... or we could get the military involved.

Cornello: Agh!...Ask your questions.

Edward: You could do anything with the Philosopher's stone, right...? So why waste all of that power performing phony "miracles"?

Cornello: Because with each miracle, I can attract new believers to the order. Believers who would lay down their lives for my sake. I'm slowly building an army! A legion of holy warriors, unafraid to die! In a few more years, I'll be ready to unleash this mindless horde upon the world! And I'll use the Philosopher's stone to tear this country apart. Who knows? I might even carve you out a slice for you!

[Edward starts to laugh out loud]

Cornello: Wait, what are you laughing about?

Edward: I knew it…you really are a novice, aren't you?

Cornello[Radio]: Get off me that thing…!

Alphonse: They were never in miracles Rose. He lied to you. And he lied to everyone.


Cornello: Why you…How long!? How long has that been ON!?

Edward: From the start. Your believers heard every word.

Cornello: How could you!? You'll pay dearly for this!

Edward: Sorry, not today! Just face it. You're outclassed here.

Cornello: I am without rival!

[Alchemic rebound]

Edward: It's a rebound!

Cornello: No...! I won't be disgraced like this! Now, boy...behold! The chosen emissary of the Sun God Leto!

[Cornello turned into monster]

Cornello: My word is the divine word of God himself! My fist is the almighty fist of judgment!

Edward: Oh, yeah? The fist of god, huh? Well if that's what you want, you can have it!

[Transumutation]

Edward: Shut up! Just give me the Philosopher’s stone!

[the Philosopher’s stone break down]

Edward: What the hell...? The stone...It's supposed to be a perfect material…how did it just break like that?!

Cornello: I…I don't know! I don't know anything about it! S...Spare me! Please! I...I was wrong! Please! I beg you!

Edward: It's a damn fake...

Cornello: Please don't! I am helpless without the Stone! Spare me, please!

Edward: You mean, we went through all this... risked our lives just for this one possible chance... and it's a fake?!

Cornello: So, uh...Haha, what about me?

Edward: I don’t care what you do! Just get out of here!

Cornello: Right!


Alphonse: And what about the Stone?

Edward: Phony, just like him.

Alphonse: Oh.

Edward: I'm sorry, Al. For a while there I thought we really found a way to bring your body back.

[Rose point gun on Elric brothers]

Rose: Give me the Philosopher's Stone!

Alphonse: Rose...

Edward: Look, I was just saying, it was a fake. It wasn't real. Besides, it's shattered now.

Rose: Liar! You kept it for yourself, didn't you!? So you can use it on your bodies...That's right! And so you can try to bring your mother back again!

Edward: You shut up! People don't come back from the dead, Rose. Not ever. Not ever!

Rose: But he promised me...he said if I prayed, it would happen...A miracle...That hope was all I had left! What am I supposed to believe in now?! Tell me what to do... please...

Edward: I can't tell you that...You have to figure it out. Stand up and walk. Keep moving forward. You've got two good legs. So get up and use them. You're strong enough to make your own path.


Cornello: That damn brat. It's all ruined! Everything I've worked for!

Lust: Yes, all that hard work for nothing. I knew we should have just incited a little rebellion...

Cornello: You…

Gluttony:I'm hungry, Lust. Can I eat the old man? Please? He's big and fat.

Lust: Not this one, Gluttony. We don't want you giving yourself indigestion.

Cornello: Now you, too!? Everyone is mocking me! I won't stand…

Lust: I'd say this concludes our business. Just as things were beginning to look promising too...Now I suppose we'll have to start over from scratch...Father won't be pleased. In any case, it's time we started thinking about our next move...


<Preview>

Following the incident in Lior, Ed and Al travel to the Eastern Command Center to report to Colonel Mustang. Once there, the brothers taken to the home of the “Sowing Life Alchemist” Shaw Tucker and his young daughter Nina. Where they hope to learn more about the field of bio Alchemy. Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Episode 4 “An Alchemist’s Anguish”. Some meetings in this life are distant only for heartbreaking.
  