
Mustang: The Freezing Alchemist? Really? He's here?

Bradley: We have information that he managed to slip into Central a few days ago. That’s why I've summoned you here, Colonel. I need you and your men to smoke him out and bring him in.

Mustang: Consider it done, sir!

Bradley: I’m glad you’re with us in Central for a while, Mustang. It’s good to know I have people here I can count on.

Mustang: Sir!

Bradley: Ah, one last thing. Our rising young star is here as well. I’m placing him at your disposal.

Mustang: Forgive me, Führer Bradley, but... just to be clear, are you referring to...?

Bradley: I am--the Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric.

Edward: God damn it! The Colonel's never gonna let us outta here, is he?

Alphonse: We already bought our tickets for Liore too. Does this mean we're not going?

Edward: I don’t know, Al... for now, let’s just get this over with, okay?

Alphonse: Mmhmm. Lead the way, brother.

[Whistling]

Military Policeman: There he goes! That way!

Military Policeman: You, halt! Halt, or I’ll shoot!

Military Policemen: Aah!

[Transmutation]

Isaac: Water freezes, water boils... either way, you're just as dead.

Isaac: That’s alchemy...

Edward: What a nasty thing to do!

Isaac: You of all people should know great deeds require great sacrifice. Isn’t that the law of equivalent exchange?

Edward: Save your breath! The laws of alchemy don’t justify murder!

Isaac: No transmutation circle!

Edward: Don’t be too impressed. Now!

Isaac: What!?

Isaac: No, I had you! Any water in there should have boiled!

Edward: If it’s any consolation, you did ruin my coat.

Isaac: An automail arm! A young gifted alchemist... one who doesn’t use transmutation circles... and who has an automail right arm! I know you--you are the Fullmetal Alchemist, Edward Elric!


Episode 01 Fullmetal Alchemist(鋼の錬金術師)


Isaac: So, it’s not you?

Alphonse: Oh, um... no! I’m his younger brother, Alphonse.

Isaac: But he's a runt...

Edward: OH YEAH!? CAN A RUNT DO THIS?!

[Transmutation]

Isaac: I’ve heard the stories... but still I never imagined this! The Fullmetal Alchemist is just a little kid!

Edward: DON’T CALL ME LITTLE!

[Attack]

Alphonse: You know brother, I don’t think he was really talking about your height just now...

Edward: Well even if he wasn’t, he still pissed me off!

Military Policeman: So you are the one we’ve been hearing all the stories about lately, the Fullmetal Alchemist! You’re as good as they say. Thanks for the help!

Alphonse: Um... you’re welcome but... I’m really not the one you should be thanking.

Edward: There! C'mon, let’s get going Al! We got a train to catch!

Alphonse: Ah, Okay…Um, If you think it's all right to leave...

[Transmutation]

Edward: What is that, steam?!

Alphonse: Brother! He's gone!

Edward: Damn it! Now he really pissed me off!


Mustang: Looks like you underestimated your opponent, Fullmetal.

Edward: Who is this guy anyway?

Mustang: You'd know that if you’d listened to the briefing like I told you to. But nooo, you had to go charging right after…

Edward: Yeah yeah, I get it, alright!? I’m sorry, okay? Whatever...

Mustang: Next time a superior tells you to pay attention, you might just try it.

Edward: Fine...

Mustang: Now then…His name is Isaac McDougal. Or as he was known as back in the day, “Isaac the Freezer”. He's a former State Alchemist.

Edward: Former?

Mustang: That’s right. He served in the Ishvalan War. During that time, he gave us no signs that he'd turned traitor. But after, he immediately resigned his commission and went into hiding. He's been working with the anti-establishment movement ever since. Taking him into custody is a matter of top priority... whether it's dead or alive. That’s up to him.

Edward: No way. I’m not killing anyone for you.

Mustang: And that’s your choice. Your orders are simply to help us contain him. That’s all. Hmm…Off topic, have you turned up any leads for getting your bodies back to normal?

Edward: Maybe if you ever gave us time to look!

Hughes: Roy! How goes? Heard you let him put you in charge of catching the Freezer, huh!? One hell of a nasty assignment! But hey! Could be your chance to earn that promotion to Central! Oh see! Looks like my timing was perfect! You two are the Elric brothers, right!? Wow! It’s an honor to finally meet the youngest State Alchemist ever. You’re a real legend around here! I’m Lieutenant Colonel Maes Hughes! A pleasure!

Alphonse: Ah…you want Edward. I’m actually his younger brother, Alphonse.

Hughes: What!? You’re the Fullmetal Alchemist? Sorry! I had no idea you’d be so…

Edward: Go on! Say "little"! I dare you…

Mustang: Hughes…

Hughes: Yeah?

Mustang: What are you doing here? Go home.

Hughes: Actually, I’m here on official business. You, Elrics! I understand that you two don’t have a place to stay. Which means that you'll have to come with me!

Edward & Alphonse: AGH!

Hughes: My wife Gracia and my daughter Elicia. We'd love to have you!

[Hughes’s home]

Hughes: Hi, princess!

Elicia: Oww! Daddy, your beard is itchy!

Hughes: Like this? Itchy! Itchy!

Hughes: Look. We have guests. These are the Elric brothers.

Elicia: Big brother! Little brother!

Edward: Nice to meet you... my name is Edward Elric. This is my younger brother, Alphonse Elric. Get that? Younger brother...

Elicia: But younger means little. You’re little!

Edward: What!? Where do you get off calling me little?! You look it up...

Alphonse: Let it go, Ed. These people are really nice to let us stay here.

Hughes: Hope you boys are hungry. Gracia’s cooking is delicious!

Edward: Ah!

Hughes: Okay! Eat up!

Edward: Thanks! Wow... you weren't kidding--this is great!

Gracia: Don’t be shy. Eat all you want.

Edward: Okay!

Hughes: Alphonse…How're you gonna eat wearing that armor? Take it off. Relax!

Alphonse: Oh…well you see, I…

Edward: He is not allowed to! He has to wear that all the time! It’s a…it’s part of his Alchemy training! You know how it is! Haha…I’ll eat enough for both of us!

Elicia: Training! Choo-choo!

[Central Prison]

Kimblee: Hahahaha…hands down. That’s got to be the funniest joke I’ve heard in a long long time. The Freezing Alchemist wants me to come play his side kick. Well, as fun as that sounds. The Crimson Alchemist works alone…I always have.

Isaac: Kimblee, if we work together, we can bring down Bradley and his god forsaken military. You saw the horrors that took place in Ishval. You were there, damn it! You know the things Bradley ordered us to do! The kind of man he really is. That’s why you killed all those officers isn’t it? To send him a message?

Kimblee: Hahahahaha…I think you’ve got me all wrong! My motives aren’t so sophisticated as revenge or honor or any of that. The reason I killed all of those men, was because I could. It’s that simple…

Isaac: Hmm…That’s too bad, Kimblee…That truly is too bad.

Isaac: Keep up the good work.


Gracia: Maes dear, what’s wrong? Can’t sleep?

Hughes: Guess not…

Gracia: I know what’s in that head of yours. You’re worrying about those boys, aren’t you?

Hughes: You do know what they call State Alchemists right? The dogs of the military. Not exactly the most popular bunch. I try to imagine what that must be like, enduring that at his age...

Alphonse: Brother... you awake? Miss Gracia’s quiche... it looked a lot like Mom’s, huh?

Edward: Yeah... almost as good, too…

Alphonse: Really? In that case, I'm definitely adding it to the list of things I’m gonna eat once I get my body back.

Edward: Right…Put it on there. Right near the top!

Alphonse: Brother…

Edward: Hm?

Alphonse: I sure would like to get our old bodies back soon...

Edward: I know…me too…


Isaac: One more…One more, and Führer Bradley is on his way to hell…


Fullmetal Alchemist


Mustang: We have a confirmed report that McDougal broke into Central Prison last night. Whatever he is up to, he is growing bold. That means our time is short. Close off all roads. Search every square enter to the city. When you find him, shoot on sight. That is an order form the Führer himself. But if I find him first, he is mine!

Soldier: Get a medic! Hurry!

Soldier: Report to Headquarters! Five men dead!

Alphonse: How awful…

Edward: looks like a steam explosion. Raise the temperature of water fast enough to expand with the force of bomb blast. And the human body is seventy percent water…Let’s hurry. We have to find him before he hurts anyone else.

Alphonse: Hum.


Isaac: Finished…

[Alchemic reaction]

Armstrong: Great at reflexes, Isaac! You’re able to dodge my Alchemy so easily!

Isaac: I know that voice…Is that you, Armstrong?!

Armstrong: Indeed! None other! It is I, the Strong Arm alchemist, Alex Louis Armstrong in the flesh!

Isaac: Now, shut it! I’ve always wanted to chop that ego down to the size!

Armstrong: Except you need far more than water to quench my fist!

Alphonse: Major!

[Steam explosion]

Edward: Water from his canteen, huh? Thanks for the quick save, Al.

Alphonse: Let’s go! He is getting a way!

Armstrong: Come then. After me, Elric brothers!

Edwaed & Alphonse: Right!


Mustang: It’s been a long time, Freezer.

Isaac: Well, Roy Mustang. Hagh!…So the Flame Alchemist came out to play.

Mustang: You can make this easy on both of us. I’d rather not fight with an old war buddy.

Isaac: War buddy? Please, don’t flatter yourself. I knew no friends in Ishval! Only military bastards and their damn dogs!

[Transmuting]

Isaac: When the water meets flame, the flame goes out!


Isaac: Damn it!...Still there! Perfect!

Edward: Stop! Right there! I was wondering what you were doing this alley so I came back to check it out and Bingo!

Isaac: [Giggling]

Alphonse: There’s no way to run this time!

Isaac: Clearly…But who’s running?

[Alchemic reaction]

Edward: An Alchemic reaction…in this scale?!

Alphonse: Impossible…unless…You don’t think he is…

Edward: The Philosopher’s stone!

Edward: He’s freezing all the moisture in the air…

Isaac: Edward Elric! You've sworn your life to the state as a dog of the military. But do you really know the ones you serve? Or what their true plans are?

Edward: Who cares! It's not my problem!

Isaac: Don't be a fool! He'll lead us all to ruin! I'm only doing what needs to be done!

Edward: I told you! I don't care!

[Alphonse attacks Isaac]

Edward: All right! Nice work, Al!

Alphonse: But we still have to stop his Alchemy!

Edward: I know. So where is it?! You have a Philosopher's Stone, don't you?

Isaac: What are you talking about?

Edward: I won't ask again! Where is it?!

Isaac: And what are you going to do, boy...? You're out of your league!

[Gigantic iceberg comes out]

Armstrong: Stand back to prepare for display of Armstrong Alchemy!

Edward: He is all yours, Major!

Armstrong: Witness, the Alchemic art passed down the Armstrong line for generations!

[Iceberg didn’t stop]

Armstrong: That’s unexpected…

Edward: What the heck are you doing! You made it worse!

Armstrong: No…I was merely…

Alphonse: The ice walls…

Edward: Emerging…

Alphonse: But…that would mean…

Edward: If they all meet in the middle…Ah, damn it! It’s Central Command!

Edward & Alphonse: He is gonna freeze it over!

Edward: Major! Al and I are gonna try and slow it down! Can you handle the transmutation circles?

Armstrong: Consider them erased. I’m on it.

Isaac: Führer King Bradley! For your cold-blooded crimes in Ishval, I condemn you to a frozen hell!

Edward: Not so fast!

Edward: You can't play that game!

[Isaac discharges the boiled water]

Alphonse: Brother!

Isaac: Too slow!

[Isaac attacks Alphonse]

Edward: Alphonse!

Isaac: There's no one in there. It's empty...! But that... that could only be true if his soul was bonded to the armor...So you lost your arm...and your brother...he lost his entire body... Huh! I see... it all makes sense... You fools committed the ultimate taboo! You attempted human transmutation, didn't you?! Alchemy's one and only unforgivable sin!


Edward: AAAAAL! Damn it…this can’t be happening! No! He's gone! What have I done?! Give him back…he is my brother…JUST GIVE HIM BACK! HE’S MY LITTLE BROTHER! HE IS ALL I HAVE LEFT!


Edward: You know... There are some lines you really shouldn't cross.

[Edward attacks Isaac]

Edward: Give it up! There’s no water for you to use here.

Isaac: Hah, You’ve forgotten something. I’ve all the water I need…seventy percent of my body!

Alphonse: Ed!

Isaac: Why can’t you fools understand?! I’m trying to save this country!

[Central Command starts to freeze out]

Isaac: [Laughing]

Alphonse: Brother! Brother!

Edward: Come on! We’re going after him! I’m not done…not even close…

[Bombardment]

Soldier: Did we get it? Agh! Not again?!

[Flame Alchemy]

Mustang: What do you think of my flames now, you bastard!

Hawkeye: When will he learn…It's bad enough that he is useless on rainy days…


[Isaac meets King Bradley]

Isaac: Bradley...! Hahahahaha! Perfect!

[Isaac attacks Bradley. But Bradley kills Isaac]

Kimblee: Now that is too bad…


[Flame Alchemy]

Mustang: Major, go now!

Armstrong: Leave it to me! My shock fist will not fail!

[Alchemic reaction stopped]

Edward: Führer Bradley. You're here?

Bradley: Ah, yes. Job well done, Fullmetal. I came out to see if I could lend a hand... And to think…that I'd actually be the one to catch him! If nothing else, this should make an exciting story for my son!


Mustang: [Sneez]

Hughes: Uuh…that a cold I hear? Ah, never mind! From what I’ve told, you are the man of the hour!

Mustang: Agh…I’ve just destroyed the transmutation circles. But Führer is the one who brought down McDougal.

Hughes: Sure, But the Führer is telling everyone it was you! So congratulations! Though it’s like that huh? Suit yourself. But some friendly advice. Next time a superior tells you to take credit for something you didn’t do…you might try it for once.

Alphonse: You know…We’ve never did find out whether or not he had a Philosopher’s stone.

Edward: No, but may be it will say something in official report…

Edward & Alphonse: Hm?

Armstrong: Greetings, Edward Elric. When I heard you were in a hospital, I DASHED RIGHT OVER! And as I suspected, you're in desperate need of my assistance!

Edward & Alphonse: AGHHHHH!

Armstrong: You need the example of a perfect physical specimen to inspire your recovery! You see?! You're looking livelier already!

Edward: WILL YOU GET OUT?!


Lust: Ah...I see, so Isaac's dead, is he? That's a shame. I had such high hopes for him, too. But…the Philosopher's Stone? Hugh…Sounds like he overused it. Gluttony, try to chew quietly. I'm on the phone...Yes, things are going well here in Liore. We'll be ready. It all begins very soon.


<Preview>

Resembool…a quiet town. The place where Edward and Alphonse were born. The home once they shared with their mother. In the hopes of turning to happier times the boys committed the ultimate taboo and force to confront the Truth. Next time on Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Episode 2 “The First Day”. The day they resolved their hearts to begin the journey.
  