
  [Knock]

Secretary: Come in.

Mustang: Good morning. Colonel Roy Mustang.

Secretary: Oh, yes Colonel Mustang…I’m terribly sorry but your transfer was poorly timed. His Excellency the Führer is away.

Mustang: Where is he?

Secretary: Conducting an inspection at southern HQ.

Mustang: He’s in the south?


Dolchetto: Something doesn’t smell right to me…

Roa: You know what it feels like to me? Old times…

Bradley: What an interesting discovery for such a routine inspection…MOVE IN!


Episode 14 Those Who Lurk Underground(地下にひそむ者たち)


Greed: Hahahahaha…A housewife and a hot headed brat…what a team! Though to be honest, it’s not what I’m particularly interested in fighting…I’ll just be on my way now…

Edo: What!?

Izumi: You coward! AGH!!

Edo: AHHHHH! Teacher!? What’s wrong!?

Izumi: He ran away…how pathetic…

Edo: Are you okay now? AHHHHH!? Teacher! Just hang on!


Martel: Will you…steady…brat! Quite…struggling…you know!

Alphonse: I…don’t…wanna…go…

Martel: Uh! Greed!

Greed: Ah…Martel, I’m glad to see that you’re safe…

Martel: What’s going on up there? No one else made it back yet…

Greed: Yeah…things have gotten a little out of hand, so we need to figure a way out of here…

Bradley: I can’t let you do that…

Greed: Huh? Just what do you want? Old man?

Alphonse: It’s the Führer! Why is he here!?

Martel: King Bradley?

Greed: Hah…What’s the most powerful man in the land doing down here?

Bradley: Not that you'd know, but growing old aren't easy.

Greed: Huh?

King Bradley: This year marks my sixtieth birthday. It's frustrating how your body stops moving the way you wanted to... So I'd like to finish this job as quickly as possible and return home...

Greed: I've got an idea... Retire!

[Bradley slice off Greed’s fist]

Greed: Well look at this…the old man got some moves…!

Martel: Greed!


Armstrong: Behold! You are jut the rare pare of the witnessing the famous Armstrong statuary technic!

Roa: Well then…I guess my ordinary methods aren’t gonna work…

[Transforming]

Armstrong: Now that’s certainly peculiar!


Soldier: We’ve secure the boy and the woman! Now eliminate every last one of these freaks! Those are the Führer’s direct orders!

[Armstrong vs Roa]

Armstrong: You’re a most commendable adversary, sir…

Roa: I know you’re just tough as ever, Major Armstrong…Last time I saw you were action in Ishbalan civil war…

Armstrong: A former ally eh? Even more reason to end this. No need for such bloodshed…Surrender!

Roa: And just let myself be killed!?

Soldier: Major!

[Gunfire]

Dolchetto: ROA!

[At the sewage]

Bradley: I understand why you'd think you have an advantage over a man like me since I possess neither your impenetrable Ultimate Shield, nor an Ultimate Spear that can pierce any substance...But I'll tell you a secret. Do you know how I managed to distinguish myself amongst the storms of bullets on the battlefield time after time...to rise to my current position?

Greed: You…You're...

Bradley: I may not have the protection of your Ultimate Shield...but I clearly see your weakness with my Ultimate Eye. Now then, Greed...how many times am I going to have to kill you before you stay dead?

Martel: Where the hell is Greed?

Alphonse: I don’t know…It’s too dark to see anything…

[Greed appears]

Martel: No, Greed!

Alphonse: Quiet!

Martel: Let me out! Come on! Damn it!

Alphonse: No way!

Martel: I said open up!

Alphonse: I can’t! He’ll kill you!

Bradley: That makes fifteen time you’ve died now…How many lives that you’ve got left? Um?

Greed: Damn…you…

Dolchetto: Oh crap…I kind of wish we died back there…

Roa: We still have plenty of time to took your tail and run away.

Dolchetto: Trust me. I’d love to…I’ve got this noxious canine sense of loyalty…Do us a favor kid and get her out of here…

Roa: Protect her…

Maretl: ROA! DOLCHETTO! Hey! Quite try to stop me and let me out!

Alphonse: I can’t!

Martel: We don’t have time to ague! Now open up! They need my help damn it!

Alphonse: I said NO! I can’t let you out!

Martel: You shut up and let me out of here! You’re not gonna make me stay here and watch my friend get killed are you!?

Alphonse: They asked me to protect you! So quite struggling and be quiet!

Martel: DOLCHETTO! NO! ROA! Please…I’m begging you…

Alphonse: I’m sorry…I can’t…

Greed: Wow…that was a little excessive…Killing me is one thing…but they are not coming back…

Bradley: Pitying the lost lives of your pawns? Pathetic…

Greed: Excuse me? Are you senile? Did you forget who I am old man? I’m the living incarnation of “Greed”! Those weren’t my friends, Bradley! They were my possessions! Money, Women, Henchmen…they are all possessions! So, killing my henchmen is the same as stealing from me! And I don’t let people take what’s mine!

Bradley: Greed…You’ve grow more pathetic by the second!

[Bradley takes down Greed]

Bradley: Now stay put…I’ll be right back…

Alphonse: We got to run…

Bradley: Not so fast…Aren’t you the younger brother of Edward Erlic? They didn’t heart you did they? Can I help you at all?

Alphonse: Sure…I mean, No! No…I’m fine…thanks but I’m alright…

[Martel chokes Bradley through Alphonse’s hand]

Alphonse: Martel! Don’t do this!


FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST


Alphonse: Stop it! Martel! Please…

Martel: DIE! BRADLEEEY!

[Bradley kills Martel]


Edward: AAAAAGGGGGHHHHH!

[Alphose was dragged into the portal]

Alphonse: It’s mom! Wait! Mom, wait! Mom! Mooooom!

Edward: Al! wake up! Al! Say something! Al!


Alphonse: Brother?

Edward: You okay?

Alphonse: Are you okay? You’re covered in blood!

Armstrong: We thought it best to open you and move her before you awoke…

Alphonse: I couldn’t save her…

Edward: You can’t blame yourself Al. Come on. Let’s go home, okay? Al?

Bradley: Hold it you two. There are a few questions I need to ask both of you before you could leave. If either of you have any previous dealing with a man refer to himself as “Greed”?

Edward: Of course not…

Bradley: Did you happened to trade any manner of information with him?

Edward: Not at all…And the Military wasn’t even mention not once.

Bradley: That is non of my concern. Let me be more specific…If you arranged the deal or share with any knowledge with him, then I’ll execute both of you right now…I’ll ask again…Did you share any knowledge that might effect the Military?

Edward: No. Can we go now?

Bradley: I am curious about your steel arm and leg and your brother’s armor body…Is there any connection between the two? ...You really an honest kid…Alright men, pull out. You make sure to take good care of your younger brother, Edward.


Izumi: I appreciate everything you’ve done for the Elric brothers…

Bradley: Oh no, it’s nothing at all. It’s simply one of the many duties of the Military to protect a State Alchemist. But what about you? I’m sure you could use little extra protection.

Izumi: You mean…as a State Alchemist?

Bradley: Why yes? Exactly.

Izumi: You’re asking a bed living housewife to join the military? You can’t be serious…Is the country really in so much trouble that need a help from someone like me?

Bradley: Hahahahaha…there’s no need to be harsh…Well, I will be back. I’ll keep my fingers close while I do return. Perhaps you woul've better change of heart…


Edward: There’s something I forgot to mention…Greed had an Ulobolos tatoo.

Armstrong: I’m not sure I’ve followed…

Edward: Think back…the Fifth Laboratory, the Philosopher’s stone…remember the guys I told you and Colonel Hughes about?

Armstrong: Colonel Hughes…I...Listen, Edward Elric! Do not…do anything rush…

Edward: Sure…

Armstrong: Well then…good night…

Alphonse: Brother…They are back…All the memories when my body was taken away…I remember…

Edward: What did you see!?

Alphonse: Hmmm…well it was definitely weird…But unfortunately, I didn’t find out anything about how to get our bodies back…

Edward: That’s okay…

Alphonse: So, I guess we haven't made any progress…

Edward: No, it’s not entirely true…Remember what the Führer told us back in Central? About the unrest amongst the ranks of the Military?

Alphonse: Uh huh…And it all have something to do with the Philosopher’s stone and those Uloboros guys…He said he was trying to gather info on them…

Edward: Well, Greed was obviously connected to them somehow…But if so…Why the Führer slaughter every one? If he was trying to figure out what they are up to…why didn’t he catch them and make them talk?

Alphonse: Yeah, good point. And it also seems a little weird that the Führer himself would lead an attack against such a small group…

Edward: Sure dose…No matter how you look at it…none of this adds up. We’ve been warned…though we need to get closer…

Lust: Welcome back Führer…How was your inspection of the south?

Bradley: To say the least, it was a very productive visit. It’s seems both Fullmetal’s younger brother and their teacher are worthy candidates for human sacrifice. Oh, and one other thing…I’ve made an unexpected catch…

Lust: Talk about the blast from the past…It's been a century since I've seen that face. Rise and shine, Greed. You can't sleep all day.

Greed: Well, well...The gang's all here.

Lust: Looks like your Ultimate Shield let you down after all.

Greed: Maybe, but you never do…“Lust the Lascivious”...Feel free to pierce me with your Ultimate Spear anytime you want. Hello, “Gluttony the Voracious”. Still haven't found the right diet for you yet, huh? And little “Envy the Jealous”. Please! For the last time, get a new outfit. And where is “Sloth the Indolent” these days?

Lust: I’m sure he loved to be here slacking off. But we have to keep him working.

Greed: Sorry to say it…but it’s kind of depressing that none of you haven’t changed in a past one hundred years…So…who’s the new addition?

Bradley: I am “Wrath the Furious”.

Greed: Führer King Bradley in Wrath…One in the same…

Lust: Indeed…the humans know him as a leader of Amestris…but the truth is…that he was created by Father for the final stage of the plan…

Greed: A Homunculus that can grow older!? That’s impossible…

Envy: Hahahahaha…OH REALLY!? I thought “Nothing was Impossible”. You use to toss that one around like it was your catch phrase…It change your mind or something?

Greed: Shut your worthless strap ugly! Oh…that’s a scary face…go on and let it out! Why don’t you show us what you’re really looks like! You hideous freak!

Envy: YOU SCUM! CALL ME THAT AGAIN AND I WILL DESTROY YOU!

Father: Stop your nonsense, both of you…It’s time you resolve the simply lively…your father does not wish to see such ugly behavior…

Greed: Hey, pops. Long time…I know it’s been a hundred years and old, but you sure do look too crept it…

Father: Greed. You are both my son and you are a piece of my soul...So why would you betray your loving father?

Greed: I’m surprised you asked…I mean, you know the answer to that better than anyone, DAD...I'm “Greed the Avaricious”...You were the one that made me this way after all. I'm just being myself. I simply had larger ambitions than spending my life working for you.

Father: And if I were to ask you to return and work for me again?

Greed: NEVER!

Father: As you wish...

Greed: Gees…talk about cheesy…AAAGGGHHH!! Why don't you come on in, kids, the water's fine! Nice and hot! Just like the flames in hell...! I'll send you a postcard let you know what they're like...! And when the rest of you get there...I'll be waiting for you!

Father: Now return from whence you were born...Return to my depths and rejoin my soul…Return, Greed.

Greed: If that's what you want, Dad!? Just don't blame me when I give you a stomachache! You did it to yourself! HAHAHAHAHA!

Father: I propose a toast, my children. I shall drink to the "Promised Day" and to your undying loyalty.


Selim: Father! Welcome home father! I’m so glad you’re back!

Bradley: And it’s goo d to “be” back, Selim.

Selim: Did you have a good trip?

Bradley: Well yes…I’d say it’s productive at the very least…

Madam Bradley: I do wish you to actuate your age, darling. Why couldn’t you just retire and try to enjoy some peace and quiet for a change…

Bradley: Hey…Now I’m not quite that old yet…Oh Selim, you’ll never guess why I run into down south. The Fullmetal Alchemist!

Selim: You saw the little Alchemist? Can I meet him sometime Father!?

Madam Bradley: You sure do like to hear about Edward, don’t you Selim?

Selim: Well, he is the youngest State Alchemist ever right!? That’s so cool! It means he is not much older than me! And if he can learn Alchemy at his age, then maybe I can too!

Madam Bradley: Why would you want to learn something like that?

Selim: So I can get my State license of course! And then I can help father!

Bradley: You’ll never know Selim…May be you will help me out someday…


<Review>

Like pebble task into a pond, a handful of outsiders are scatters throughout Amestris. The ripples each one creates roller inward…Until they collide and form a hula pool. Next time on FullMetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Episode 15 “Envoy From the East”. Behind this innocent smile, I hide a blade. And I’ll find my way to the Philosopher’s stone.
  