
Narrator: In order to learn more about the field of bio alchemy, Ed and Al visited the home of Shou Tucker, the Sewing Life Alchemist. There, they befriended Tucker's young daughter Nina and her dog Alexander. The day of Tucker's annual State Alchemist certification assessment was drawing near. In his desperation to pass, he used Nina and Alexander to create a talking chimera. Knowing that nothing he did could ever change Nina back, Ed was grief-stricken at his own powerlessness.




Edward: Mom! Mom!

Trisha: What do you have there, Ed?

Edward: It's a present! I transmuted it!

Trisha: You did? You're your father's son, all right. Thank you very much. That's an amazing thing you did. Creating something as neat as this takes talent. But...

Edward: Huh?

Trisha Ghoul: If you can do that, why couldn't you make Mommy better, Ed?

Nina: Big brother!

Nina Chimera: Let's play!

Edward: [gasping]

Alphonse: Brother, are you all right? You were dreaming.

Edward: [sigh]




Edward: We...need to know... What's going to happen to Tucker and Nina?

Hawkeye: Mr.Tucker was scheduled to be stripped of his certification and stand trial for what he did to Nina. But...they're both dead.

Alphonse: Dead?!

Hawkeye: You'll find out anyways, so I might as well tell you. They've been murdered.

Edward: They... How? By who?!

Hawkeye: We don't know. I was just heading over to the scene right now.

Alphonse: We're coming with you.

Hawkeye: No.

Edward: Why not?!

Hawkeye: You don't need to see this.




Armstrong: We'd better catch up to him quickly, because the way things are going...

Mustang: You sound as though you were expecting this. Fill me in.


Cornello: God has given us a great trial, my children! Wicked heathens have spread insidious rumors trying to shake our faith, and now the military seeks to oppress us! But we must tight to our faith! The time has come to rise up, weapon in hand, and fight in the name of the great god Leto!

Man 1: Yeah! We fight under the protection of Leto!

Man 2: Down with heathens and their heresy!











[people fighting, child is crying]



Gluttony: Fools, all of them!

Cornello: Fools indeed. Sad, but true.

Lust: Well well, if it isn't the father.

Gluttony: Yeah, 'Father'.

Lust: Sorry to have to put you through all of this trouble.

Cornello: As soon as we have everything handled here, I have my own responsibilities I need to get back to.

Lust: [chuckles] The Fullmetal boy's interference was irritating, but at least we were able to make it work in our favor. Looks like we'll finish up ahead of schedule.

Cornello: Manipulate a little information, spout some empty rhetoric to the believers, and you have a fine recipe for instant violence. Humans are such simple creatures.









Lust: Yes, they will.

Gluttony: Ooh! Can I eat all of them after they die?

Lust: No, you may not. By the way Envy, could you lose the old man costume? It's rather unattractive.

Cornello: Come on, I was just staying in character. But if you insist. This time around I'll go with a younger, cuter model. What do you say?

[Cornello transforms into Envy]

Assistant Pastor: A...a monster! What's going on here?! What have you done? What have you done with the real Father Cornello?!

Lust: It's your call.

Envy: He said I was a monster. I think that's quite rude, don't you?

Gluttony: Can I eat him? Can I?

Envy: Oh, hey, did you hear the news? Shou Tucker, that alchemist in East City...he's dead.

Lust: Tucker? Why should we care about a little nothing like him?

Envy: Because it was him who was responsible for the murder.

Lust: Speaking of East City, isn't that where the Flame Colonel is staying at right now?

Envy: Yeah, and apparently the Fullmetal brat's there too.

Lust: Oh, is he? As furious as I am that he interfered with our work here, we can't very well let him die. He's an important sacrifice.

Gluttony: Ooh, that was so yummy!

Lust: We'll find some way of handling the situation. The other one we were speaking of...what was his name?


Mustang: Scar? Because of his face?

Hughes: Yeah, we don't really know anything about him, so that's what we're calling him.

Armstrong: Our target is both unidentified and elusive. The only information we've been able to obtain about him is that he has a large scar on his forehead.

Mustang: Yes, I've heard stories about that man... That's who you're trying to hunt down?

Hughes: By order of the military police command center. Meanwhile, all my other work is piling up. Ugh, my head hurts.

Armstrong: He's killed five people in Central, all State Alchemists. His body count nationwide is up to ten.

Hughes: Five days ago, he took down old man Grand.

Mustang: The Brigadier General?! But...he's an expert in weapons transmutation!

Hughes: That shows you how dangerous this guy is. You should increase your escort and lay low for a while. Nobody will blame you. Please... I'm asking as your friend. You and Tucker are the only State Alchemists of note in this area, right?

Mustang: Oh no!


Edward: I've been thinking about this for a long time. We put all our trust in alchemy, but in the end, what is it? "Alchemy is the science of understanding the flow of matter and its laws...the process of comprehension, deconstruction, and reconstruction. The world flows too. It must also follow laws. Everything circulates... Even Death is a part of that circulation. You must accept the flow." Teacher sure drummed that into our heads, didn't she? I thought I understood it, but I didn't understand anything. Mom proves that. Now here I am again, trying desperately to figure out a way to do the impossible. I'm such a hopeless idiot... All this time, and I haven't grown up one bit. I thought maybe the rain would wash away some of this gloom that's following me. But right now, every drop that hits my face is even more depressing.

Alphonse: I don't even get that much. Without a body, I can' t feel the rain hitting my face. That's something I miss... All the time... I want to get my body back soon, brother. I just want to be human again. Even if it means going against the flow of the world and trying to do the impossible.

Scar: You, boy, you're the Fullmetal Alchemist Edward Elric, correct?

Alphonse: Brother!

[transmutation]

Edward: What the hell is going on here?!

[explosion]

Edward: Who is this guy? What does he want? This is bad, this is really bad. I have to move...now! Let's go Al! Run for it!

Scar: No you don't.

Edward and Alphonse: [yelling]

Edward: Al, grab on!

Edward and Alphonse: [yelling, gasping]

Edward: Damn it, what the hell is this guy's problem?! Making enemies isn't something that I...well... I never really avoided it. But there's no reason someone should be trying to kill me!

[explosion]

Edward: Who are you, anyway?! Why are you after us?!

Scar: As long as there are 'creators' like you in this world, there must also be destroyers.

Edward: Then it looks like we're going to have to fight.

Scar: Gutsy one, aren't you? But...too slow.

Edward: Al!


Fullmetal Alchemist 


Scar: There's nothing inside!

Edward: You bastard!

Scar: You're too slow!

Edward: Ah! Damn it!

Scar: An automail arm... Then that explains why my attacks didn't do the damage I expected. Most unusual.

Alphonse: Brother, don't! Just run away!

Edward: You idiot! I'm not going to leave you behind, Al!

Scar: You press your hands together to make a ring, and then you perform transmutation... Now I see.

Edward: [yelling]

Scar: Then I will have to start by destroying this abhorrent right arm of yours.

Alphonse: BROTHER!

Scar: Now you will not be able to use your heretic's alchemy.

Scar: I will give you a moment to pray to god.

Alphonse: Brother! Run away! Brother!

Edward: Unfortunately, there isn't any god I'd like to pray to. Am I the only one you're trying to kill today? Or are you going after my brother Al, too?

Scar: If he interferes, I will eliminate him, but, Fullmetal Alchemist, you are the only one who's receiving judgement today. You alone.

Edward: Okay... In that case, I want your word. Promise me you won't hurt my brother!

Alphonse: Brother...!

Scar: I will keep that promise.

Alphonse: No, brother, what are you trying to do? What are you thinking? Run! Get up and run! Stop! Don't touch him! No...! No, you can't! Stop it!

Mustang: That's enough! You won't be killing anyone else today, Scar. I'm taking you into custody, where you will answer for the murders of at least ten state alchemists.

Scar: Alchemists alter things from their natural form, perverting them to something else, something grotesque. They profane God, the true creator of all things. as an agent of God, I am here to hand down his judgement. If you interfere, I will eliminate you as well.

Mustang: Oh, is that right? You guys stay out of it.

Hawkeye: Colonel Mustang, sir!

Scar: Colonel Mustang...so this is the Flame Alchemist. Volunteering yourself to receive judgement. This is truly an auspicious day!

Mustang: So you know who I am, and you still want to challenge me? Bad decision.

[Hawkeye knocks Mutang to the floor]

Mustang: Hey, Hawkeye, what the hell did you do that for?

Hawkeye: You know as well as I do you're useless on rainy days. Please stay back.

Havoc: Oh yeah, I forgot. It's kind of hard to get a spark going when it's raining, huh?

Scar: It is fortunate that you can't create your blasphemous flames, State Alchemist. For I will destroy all who interfere with my mission, right here and now!

Armstrong: I'd like to see you try it!

Scar: A newcomer...

Armstrong: You have to be quick to avoid my fist. Not bad...not bad at all. You said you were going to destroy us all. In that case, why don't you start by defeating me?! We'll see how you fare against the Strong Arm Alchemist, Alex Louis Armstrong!

Scar: Yet another State Alchemist. God is putting them in my path for me.

Armstrong: Not backing down? In that case, you courage will earn you a demonstration. I'll show you the art of alchemy that has been passed down the Armstrong family for generations!

Edward: Who is he?

Havoc: That's the same man who murdered Mr.Tucker and his daughter.

Edward: It's him?!

Havoc: Major, watch what you're doing! We don't want to destroy the city, do we?!

Armstrong: What do you mean?! Destruction and creation are the same sides of the coin. You must destroy to create. That is the law of the universe!

Hawkeye: Did he have to strip?

Havoc: Are you surprised? He's clearly insane.

Armstrong: Non-alchemists may fail to see the inherent truth of that statement, but we understand, don't we, Scar?

Mustang: So this killer is an alchemist, too?

Edward: That's it! The stages with the transmutation process are construction, deconstruction, and reconstruction. This guy just must stop at the deconstruction phase.

Havoc: But if Scar is an alchemist as well, doesn't that mean he's strayed from whatever his 'ways of god' are, too?

Mustang: And what would be his reasons for only targeting alchemists with state certification?

Armstrong: [grunting, yelling]

Scar: He's unusually coordinated for his size, and his strength is almost superhuman... That, combined with his alchemy... He won't be an easy one.

Armstrong: I have you cornered, Scar!

Scar: But there's a moment when his swing is too wide. There it is!

[gunshots, Scar groans]

Mustang: You get him?

Hawkeye: He's too fast. I only grazed him with one shot.

Armstrong: Red eyes, and brown skin... That means he's--

Mustang: Of course! He's an Ishvalan!

Scar: Perhaps there are too many...

Mustang: You might as well give up, Scar. You're not getting away.

[explosion. Soldiers yelling]

Havoc: Bastard is in the sewers.

Mustang: Stay put.

Havoc: Sure, you don't have to tell me twice.

Mustang: Sorry Armstrong, but thank you for buying us enough time to surround him.

Armstrong: Mm. I was hardly buying time. It was all I could do to keep myself from being killed.

Hughes: Oh! Is it over now?

Armstrong: Lieutenant Colonel Hughes, where have you been this whole time?

Hughes: I thought it best to lay low.

Mustang: You didn't think about maybe backing us up?!

Hughes: Of course not! A person like me shouldn't get dragged into a freak show with you pack of pseudo humans! It's bad for my health! Don't just stand there! We've got things to do! Deploy troops! Circulate his description!

Soldiers: Yes, sir!

Edward: Oh no, Alphonse! Alphonse! Al! Talk to me! Are you all right?

Armstrong: That suit of armor is Elric's younger brother, is it?

Havoc: There's got to be a really long story behind this one.

Edward: Come on, Al! Al, do you hear me? Ahhhh!

Alphonse: Why didn't you run away when I told you to?! What kind of idiot are you?!

Edward: No way! I'm not just going to run away and leave you behind!

Alphonse: Which is exactly why you're an idiot!

Edward: Why do you keep punching me like that for? If I'd run away, you could've been killed, you know that?!

Alphonse: And maybe I wouldn't have been! Making the decision to die is something only and idiot does!

Edward: Hey, easy on the idiot stuff! I'm still your older brother, got it?!

Alphonse: I'll say it all I want to! Survival is the only way, Ed. Live on, learn more about alchemy. You could find a way to get out bodies back, and help people like Nina. You can't do that by dying! I won;t allow you to abandon the possibility of hope and choose a meaningless death! Oh, great! And now my arm's come off because my brother's a big, fat idiot!

Edward: We're really falling apart, aren't we, brother? We look like we belong in a junkyard.

Alphonse: But we're still alive.

Edward: Hm. We are.

Hughes: Good grief. I've stumbled into an extra special kind of freak show, huh?

Mustang: Yeah, sorry.

Hughes: Don't worry, I won't tell anyone upstairs. If this got out, things would get complicated.

Mustang: Yeah... the older brother aside, I wouldn't even know how to explain the younger brother's body.

Hughes: I don't envy you. This is one tough customer you're dealing with.

Mustang: And now we know he's Ishvalan.


Mustang: The Ishvalans were a race of people who lived to the east of us. They believed their god Ishvala was the one, absolute creator. Even after they were annexed into the country, there were still conflicts between us and them. Then, thirteen years ago, a military officer accidentally shot and killed an Ishvalan child... And that led to a full blown civil war. One uprising led to another, and before long, the rebellion had spread to the whole eastern sector. After seven years of this. an order came down from the military high-command...to exterminate Ishval. Many State alchemists were brought in to act as human weapons. Needless to say, the State Alchemists produced striking results. That man is an Ishvalan survivor. In a sense, his revenge is justified.

Edward: No way! There's no justification for taking revenge on people who had nothing to do with it! He's just dressing his ugly lust for vengeance in the mantle of his god and calling himself an agent of justice.

Mustang: Still, the fact is, he's coming at us with full force. We can't let ourselves be killed for his cause. Next time there will be no more talk. Got it?

Mustang Unit: Yes sir!

Hughes: Well, Ed, Alphonse, what are you two going to now? What's the plan?

Edward: We're going to keep moving. We can't just sit around, not as long as we're still alive.

Alphonse: Brother...

Edward: Before we can make any headway on getting your body back, we have to get my arm back to normal. After all, I'm the only one who knows how to bond your soul to the armor.

Alphonse: Uh huh.

Edward: We've got no choice. It's been a long time, but we need to pay a visit to our mechanic.


<Preview>


Narrator: In order to repair their injured bodies, Ed and Al set off for their former home in Resembool, where they are met by their mechanics, Winry and Pinako. On their way there, they happen across a doctor with a troubled past who may have clues to offer in the brothers' search for the Philosopher's Stone. Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood Episode Six. "Road of Hope". What would young Ed discover, and how many questions will still remain to be answered? 
