
Narrator: Scar, the man who was responsible for killing a string of state alchemists, came after Edward Elric. Ed was ready to accept death at Scar's hand, but thanks to the intervention of Colonel Mustang and the military, Ed was able to escape with his life. Ed and Al, realizing the joy of being alive, were once again determined to survive and move forward. They decided to return to their home in Resembool to seek help in repairing their bodies.


Episode 06 Road Of Hope (希望の道) 


Edward: Hm?

Hughes: Hey.

Edward: Lieutenant Colonel?

Hughes: The folks at the Eastern Command Center were a little too busy to make it down here today, so I came to see you off instead.

Edward: Great, but would you mind telling me what the major's doing here?

Hughes: For protection. What would happen if Scar came after you again? You're in no shape for a fight now, Ed. The Major's here to help. Just try to grin and bear it.

Armstrong: Children can be so stubborn.

Edward: Hey, shut up! I'm no child! Anyway, are you sure Al made it on board?

Armstrong: Of course. I thought he might get lonely without a little company.

Edward: My brother isn't some kind of farm animal!

Hughes: Oh, it's time. Okay, you boys have a safe trip. Stop in and give me a shout the next time you make it to Central.



Armstrong: Doctor Marcoh! Doctor Marcoh, that is you, isn't it? It's me! Alex Louis Armstrong from Central!

Edward: Friend of yours?

Armstrong: He's from Central. A talented State Alchemist. He was researching into possible medical applications of alchemy, but after the Ishvalan Civil War, he went missing. Just disappeared.

Edward: Let's go, Major. A guy like this doctor might know some useful things about bio alchemy.

Armstrong: Excuse me, but do you know who this person is by any chance?

Edward: Wow, Major. You can really draw.

Armstrong: The art of portraiture has been passed down through the Armstrong family for generations.

Man: That man looks like Dr. Mauro to me.

Armstrong: Mauro?

Man: All of our town's doctors were drafted to help on the battlefields during the civil war. Then Dr. Mauro came here. He's really been a lifesaver.

Man 2: He'll see any patient and he never gives up on anybody. We're lucky he's here.

Woman: You'll see this big, bright flash of light and then you're cured just like that!

Armstrong: Hm...

Edward: This is it. Um, hello.

Marcoh: Alright, tell me what you two are doing here. Have you come to take me back?

Armstrong: Please, Doctor. Calm down.

Marcoh: I don't ever want to go back! Anything but that!

Armstrong: That's not it. Please, listen.

Marcoh: So you're here to silence me, then!

Armstrong: No, nothing like that!

Marcoh: I won't be tricked by you!

Armstrong: I'll ask you one more time, please calm down!

Edward: Alphonse!



Armstrong: So, you changed your name and decided to live in hiding way out here in the countryside. If the rumors I've heard can be believed, when you disappeared, you took top secret materials with you.

Marcoh: I couldn't handle it anymore. Order or no order, to have to dirty my hands researching that thing was too much.

Edward: What 'thing' is that?

Marcoh: It took so many lives... During the Civil War, so many innocent died because of it. I could spend my whole life trying and still never atone for the things I've done. But I had to do something, so I came here to be a doctor, to save lives instead of taking them.

Armstrong: Doctor, what exactly was it you were ordered to do research on? What 'thing'?

Marcoh: The Philosopher's Stone. The top secret materials I took were my research documents, and the stone itself.

Edward: Do you mean you still have it? It's here?! How can that be the stone? It's a liquid!

Marcoh: The Sage's Stone. The Grand Elixir. The Celestial Stone. The Red Tincture. The Fifth Element. Just as the Philosopher's Stone is called by many names, so it can take on many forms. It is not necessarily a stone. This is an incomplete product, however. There's no way to know when it'' reach its limit and become unusable.

Edward: Finished or not, it demonstrated plenty of power during the Ishvalan Civil War, right?

Marcoh: Huh?

Edward: It's just like the stone that false prophet had in Liore. It was incomplete, but it still amplified his powers considerably. If imitation stones this powerful can be produced, who's to say a complete product can't be created? Please, Dr. Marcoh. I need access to your research materials.

Marcoh: Major, who exactly is this boy?

Armstrong: This boy is a State Alchemist, doctor.

Marcoh: What?! But he's only a child! After the war, there were many State Alchemists who turned in their certifications because they refused to serve as human weapons any more. And now a child!

Edward: You think I don't know what I've signed up for?! I know what I'm doing, but I don't have any choice. If this is a mistake, then it's a mistake I have to make. There is no other way.

Marcoh: I see...so you've committed the taboo. Amazing...the ability to transmute a specific person's soul like this. Maybe one as talented as you would be able to produced a complete Philosopher's Stone.

Edward: So...!

Marcoh: But I can't show you my research.

Edward: Why not?!

Marcoh: You must not seek after the stone.

Edward: Not even if it's to get our bodies back?

Marcoh: Never! This is the devil's research. If you chase the stone, you will go through hell!

Edward: I've already been through hell!

Marcoh: Please... Please, just leave.



Armstrong: Are you sure about this, Ed?

Edward: Huh?

Armstrong: Even an incomplete Philosopher's Stone could be useful.You could have taken it from the doctor by force.

Edward: Yeah. I wanted it so badly, I could almost taste it. But, still...

Alphonse: But still, we don't want it so badly that we'd be willing to deprive this town of their only doctor to get it.

Edward: We gained plenty just by finding out the Philosopher's Stone can be made. Now we'll just have to look for some other way to do it. What about you, Major? How do you feel about not reporting back to Central on Dr. Marcoh's location?

Armstrong: I met a simple, small town doctor today. I can't see any real reason to report that.

Marcoh: Wait!

Edward: Dr. Marcoh?

Marcoh: This is where my materials are. If you're certain you won't regret learning the truth in the end, start looking here. Look closely. Maybe you'll find the truth hidden within the truth. But... I've said too much already. I hope the day will come when you are able to restore your bodies.



Alphonse: Brother, what does the note say?

Edward: National Central Library, First Branch.

Armstrong: I get it...like hiding a tree in the forest. Finding one book in that giant library will be difficult indeed.

Edward: Finally, another clue about the stone!

Lust: I've been looking for you, Marcoh.


Fullmetal Alchemist


Pinako: Winry! Winry! Our best customer's here!

Winry: Huh?

Edward: Yo, Granny!

Pinako: Oh dear, what have you done now?

Edward: A lot has happened. Can you fix us up? This is Major Alex Louis Armstrong.

Pinako: I'm Pinako Rockbell. I know I haven't seen you for a while Ed, but you've gone and grown smaller!

Edward: Granny...you've got it wrong. You're supposed to say "how big you've grown lately, Ed".

Pinako: But why would I say something so clearly untrue?

Edward: I'm still taller than you, you mini hag! Agggghhh...

Winry: Edward, I thought I told you to call first when you're heading back here for maintenance!

Edward: Winry! Are you trying to kill me?!

Winry: Welcome back!

Edward: Yeah.



Winry: Oh no!

Edward: Yeah, sorry. It's a little smashed up.

Winry: "A little smashed up"? "A little"? Do you see what you've done to my beautiful creation?! I slaved over this!

Edward: It's basically the same, it's just in smaller pieces.

Winry: Don't tell me. You a little smashed up too, Al? What kind of trouble have you two been getting yourselves into? You idiots! All you ever do is worry me!

Pinako: All right, I see. In order to get this information you need, you want to go to Central as soon as possible, am I right?

Edward: Yeah. This is kind of a rush order.

Pinako: Hmm...it's not just the arm. Your leg needs adjusting too.

Winry: Guess your growth's not completely stunted after all.

Edward: Oh, shut up!

Pinako: The leg aside, the shape the arm's in, we'll have to build it from scratch.

Edward: Is there any chance you can have it done in a week?

Pinako: Give us some credit, Ed. Three Days. But you'll have to make do with this spare for now.

Edward: It's a little difficult to walk on a leg I'm not used to.

Pinako: We'll be finished before you get used to it.

Winry: Three days, huh? Between machining, assembly, connecting, and finishing... That's three all nighters.

Edward: I'm sorry for all the trouble.

Winry: Well, you want to get to Central as soon as possible, right? Then I'll work my butt of for you. But you better believe you're going to pay a fortune in rush order fees!



Armstrong: [Long manly grunts]. The wood you requested.

Pinako: Oh, thank you.

Armstrong: I haven't seen Edward anywhere around the house in a while.

Pinako: Yeah. He said he was going off to visit his mother's grave. Major, what kind of lives are the boys leading these days?

Armstrong: Hm?

Pinako: They have yet to send us so much as a single letter.

Armstrong: Ed and Al are well known for their alchemy, even in a high profile place like Central. Sometimes that gets them into trouble. They seem to have a knack for finding it. But don't worry, they're all right. The Elric Brothers are strong boys.

Pinako: Strong, huh? Yes, I think you could call them that.

Armstrong: I'm curious, Madam Rockbell. You speak of the Elrics as though they were your grandsons.

Pinako: Of course. I've been watching over them since they were born. I'm a friend of the family, you see.The boys' father is an old drinking pal of mine. One day he up and left the village. abandoning his wife and sons. I don't even know whether he's alive now or not.

Armstrong: Come to think of it, Madam, where are young Winry's parents?

Pinako: Gone, Major. They both died in the Civil War. My son and his wife were surgeons. They went to the battlefield to do what they could. There were never enough doctors for all the injured soldiers.

Armstrong: It was... terrible... the war.

Pinako: Yes, it was indeed. Oh, it looks like it's about time for me to get supper started. You look like you could eat a lot, but don't worry; there's plenty.

Armstrong: Oh no, please don't trouble yourself on my account.

Pinako: Food always tastes better with guests anyways. We also have an empty patient's cot and some spare bedding if you'd like. The boys don't have anywhere else to stay but here. Adding one more guest won't be any inconvenience to us.

Armstrong: What about the house they grew up in?

Pinako: It's gone now. The brothers don't have any home to return to. The day they left, after Ed had gotten his state certification, they burned down their own house. My guess is they did it because with no house to come home to, there could be no turning back.

Edward: Yeah, you're right. We should head back.



Edward: I'm back...

Armstrong: Oh, Edward Elric!

Edward: Gyaah! Gyaah!

Armstrong: What unyielding love to try and bring your mother back to life! What a tremendous sacrifice to give up your arm in order to transmute your brother's disembodied soul! What determination to burn down your house! To make sure there was no retreat! Come, Edward, allow me to offer you this comforting embrace!

Edward: Just stay back! don't rub your chest on me! Ahhh!



Edward: Look at you, working so early in the morning.

Winry: Been up all night.

Edward: Hehehe, you're still at it, busy as a bee! At this rate, you must be almost done!

Winry: One more all nighter.

Edward: Oh.

Winry: Get out!



Alphonse: They said it would take three days, right? So, give 'em three days.
.
Edward: Yeah, I know, I know. It's just when I know there's a clue to the Stone sitting in Central Library somewhere, I get so impatient!

Winry: Here you go! It's all ready!



Pinako: Ready?

Edward: Uh, yeah.

Pinako: On one...

Winry: Two...

Pinako and Winry: Three!

Edward: Hnnnnnggggg.... That's the worst part every time... When the nerves have to connect like that. Once we have the Philosopher's Stone, I can kiss that pain goodbye!

Pinako: Our biggest source of income... I'll be sad to see you go.

Edward: Yagghh!

Winry: Hold still. Ugh. Do you want me to do this right or not? It's just so lovely! The smell of oil! The hum of the ball bearings! The rugged yet amazingly beautiful form created through anatomical engineering! Ah, how wonderful you are, my automail!

Edward: Crazy gearhead...

Winry: You're be lost without me, alchemy freak.

Pinako: Alright, we're done. Well?

Edward: Yeah, it feels good.

Winry: I increased the amount of chrome this time, so it should be less prone to rusting. The tradeoff is that it's not quite as strong, so don't try anything crazy-- Hey, listen up!

Edward: Al, its your turn!

Armstrong: You can fix him right here?

Edward: Yup. You have to know the trick to it, though. Major, you see that seal on the inside of his back? That's the medium between Al's soul and the armor. So I have to be sure not to ruin it. There you go! You're good as new! You ready to try it out?

Alphonse: Yeah!

Pinako: It'll be quiet around here without those boys.

Alphonse: Well, brother?

Edward: Yeah, it's time to head to Central and find Dr. Marcoh's documents. We leave first thing tomorrow morning.



Alphonse: Sleeping with his tummy out again. What am I going to do with him?

Pinako: It's like you're the older one, huh, Al?

Alphonse: He can be a handful. Someone has to look after him.

Pinako: How old are the two of you boys now?

Alphonse: I'm fourteen, and brother's sixteen.

Winry: To think someone as young and as small as he is could be used as human weapon. It's almost funny... especially watching him sleep.

Alphonse: Thanks... both of you.

Winry: What's this? Why so formal?

Alphonse: Granny, Winry... I'm so grateful to you always welcoming us like we're really family. He won't ever say it but... I know brother feels the same way.

Winry: Al...

Pinako: Don't you worry, dear. We know he feels that way too, he doesn't have to say it.

Alphonse: Granny... Winry... thank you.



Edward: Thank you again for everything, Granny.

Pinako: Sure.

Alphonse: Hey, where's Winry?

Pinako: Resting. She stayed up three nights in a row. Want me to wake her?

Edward: No, that's okay. She'd just nag me. Make sure to do your maintenance or whatever.

Pinako: Hold on a second, boys.

Edward: Hm?

Pinako: You should come back once in a while and have dinner with us.

Edward: You want us to come all this way into the mountains just for some dinner?

Winry: Edward, Alphonse. Come back soon, 'kay?

Edward: Yeah.



Winry: I just about slept through the entire day. Whenver Ed comes over it's like a tornado hit this place. Huh? Whoopsy...
  