
  Exposure?

Yes, that's right. You got rucky. You were close to getting frostbite. You need to be carefull walking around in the snow storm. The fresh that's touching your automail will freeze. And you need to oil it or it will stiffen.

So does that Buccaneer guy have a diffrent kind of automail or something.

It's no use, Doc. I can't get this thing unstuck.

Hey, my head.

Up here your automail has to be flexible and lightweight. It also needs to be resistant to the cold. After some try and error, we found an iroy that works. A combination of duralumin, carbon fiber, nickel, copper and so on.

In here, I assumed it was just iron. That's no wonder I couldn't do anything with it.

Hey, Doc. Be carefull. Are you planing on telling him all our secrets?

Why wouldn't I? He is a state Alchemist. He has a right to know, doesn't he.

You are kidding.

He has the pocket watch.

You mean this kid is the equivalent of a Major.

If you are going to be in the north for long, you should switch to a different kind of automail. Do you have a mechanic?

Yeah, but she is in Rush Valley.

And she let you come up north without explaining all this to you first.

Not exactly, I didn't tell her all this plan on coming up here.

I recommend you send for her, assuming that you'd like to stay alive.

Fine.

That'll be a hundred Cens.

Seriously, It wasn't even that good a cup of coffee.

This is the north. Get used to it.

So you come up here with mediocre automail completely ignorant about the north, and you try to bypass the Command Center.

Oh, come on! I hike up here. A State Alchemist with an official letter of introduction, and this is how I'm treated? What's wrong with you people? Do you have no sense of propriety? That general tried to tear my arms off.

Hello, little red rant.

Little red...

If you have a problem, and now's the time to speak up.

Ahhh! My hair. It looks awful.



Well now. From what I hear, you two are close to my brother, Alex. Is he doing alright?

Yeah.

The big strong guy we know and love.

Alex is doing just great.

No matter. Never mind him. Tell me why you had bypassed the command center to meet me. I want to know at all, including why your armor is empty.

Actually, that's something we don't like to talk about.

There is no reason to worry. Forks around here have plenty they wanna hide. Everybody up north has something that here she doesn't like to talk about.

But if this information reaches certain ears, I could be court-martialed.

Even I have secrets like that.

Brother, listen. I really think we have to tell her.

But, Winry is a hostage. I don't know maybe if we can do it without mentioning the Furer and Homunculi.

What are you whispering about? Start talking now!

Fine. Let's just tell her we are trying to get our bodies back.

I see. So that's why you are looking for this girl with a strange cat. I understand.

So does that mean you are gonna help...

I'm not done. What I understand is this. You two are a couple of reckless wretches who cause trouble with every last thing you do. I don't want people like you in my fort. Honestly, how could the people at central let these two run around loose? Get out of here right now. 

At least that's what I'd like to say. But I'm interested in Alkahestry. You two, you are acquainted with this girl from Xin. You've met her before?

Yeah, we have.

She has a skill our country doesn't, right. You can never know too much. Especially, here in the north where we are right next to Drachma. If we use it right, Alkahestry could make an excellent weapon.

Wait a second. Alkahestry is specialized for medical purposes. It can't just...

Be quiet. You're nothing but rat dogs living safely within your city walls, but we are the ones who protect you. We few who are brave enough to defend the country's border. My job is far more parlous than yours. I will make use of any knowledge that I can get my hands on. 

Leave the task of finding this Alkehestry girl to me. You two will stay here inside the fort. And Major Miles.

Yes, sir.

Put them to work. A man who does not work has no right to eat.

You have a point.

Those two boys haven't exactly had easy lives, general.

I believe they may have witnessed some carnage in their time, but I can tell but only inside they remain soft and week. And what's more. They're still hiding something. Those two have a secret they aren't telling us.



So, Ah. Exactly, what kind of work will you have us doing? That doctor said people around here have a lot of things to hide too, so what are you hiding, Major? It's no fair for you guys to ask all the questions and never answer any.

You really wanna know?

Red eyes!

An Ishvalan!

I don't understand. We were told all the soldiers from Ishval were purged before the extermination.

It's true that Ishvalan blood flows in my veins. But my father and my grandmother were not from that region. They were a diffrent race. My eyes are Ishvalan though. My grandfather's blood runs strong. Amestrian, it was your people who destroyed the land of my grandfather.

Ishvalan, your people destroyed our country side, and one of you is responsible for murdering my friend's parents.

Carefull, brother.

I'm sorry. But that's the first time I've heard anyone give me that kind of an answer.

What? You were testing me?

I know it was rude. Since the war, Amestrians always view me with a mixture of guilt and pity. To be honest, I'm getting tired of it. But you're different, aren't you.

Well Major. An Ishvalan tried to kidnapp me, nearly killed me and then briefly fight along side me. After all that, my feelings were be conflicted.

Besides, I think people should try to ignore their race and just treat each other as equals.

Major Miles, Were you on active duty during the war of extermination?

Yes, I was. I've been under General Armstrong's command since then. The war began right after I was posted here. Many of my relatives including my grandfather were killed in the east. I fell outside the military's purge requirements, so I was spared.

You didn't hold the grudge against the military?

You don't understand how the world works now, do you?

I know I'm ignorant about somethings. If I offended you, I'm sorry.

An Ignorant State Alchemist, you say. Ha, interesting.

I did resent the military's actions. And I also had doubts as to why General Armstrong would keep me as a staff officer. The presence of someone with Ishvalan blood could cause discord among the soldiers stationed here. It would've been easier for her to get rid of me, eventually I just came right out and ask her.

This is Briggs. No matter what happens, this territory must not fall. Every soldier here must be both strong and flexible. You must move as one cohesive unit following me, your leader, in all things and all times. In short, we do not have the luxury of discrimination here. The blood of several races flows within you. And with that comes varying strength in values. You can see this country in a way that others cannot. I was born and raised in Amestris. In order to lead, I need someone with your eyes. Now shut up and follow me, Miles. Understood?

The words made sense. I knew she was speaking without deception. I even went so far as to ask her, "What if the Ishvalan blood within me cannot forgive what the military did to my people?" and do you want to know what the General said to that.
Fine then, bring it. On behalf of the military, I will accept your challenge anytime.

That was it.

What a scary lady. Maybe she said that because she had her troops with her.

No, that wasn't it at all.

I'll fight you one on one.

The look in her eye.



You know what the law is here?

Survival of the fittest.

That's right. Without power, you die. And if you have it, you might survive. That fact always remains the same 365 days a year. It's a simple life, really? Whether you are a private or a general, race, affinisity and gender make no difference.

Survival of the fittest in action. Your luck was strong, so you survived. These icicles all need to be scraped off. That'll be your job for today. When you are finished, one of my men will show you to your quarters.

Damn, I can't reach.

Is that you?

Officer Falman.

The Elric brothers, What are you two doing here?

What about you? I thought you are at the northern command center.

Yeah, I was for a while, but the northern command bump me up here.

They promoted you.

Yeah.

Hey, that's great congraturations. But Why are you knocking down the icicles?

If they have you doing something like this and that means.

They've taken you off the career track?



The development sector.

Whao. What's it for?

It was General Armstrong's idea. This department researches the contry's latest technologies, develop them into weapons.

Does that include combat automail?

Yeah, Now come on. follow me.



This is the lowest level of Fort Briggs.

It's warm down here. Not like it was up above.

All the fort's most important functions. It's life lines come through here. Even if the fort's attacked, this area will remain safe.

Hey kid, move out the away. Not a great place to stand.

Sorry.

Hey, bobby. It's this pipe. Over here.

It's comeing from underground. Sounds like, like someone's digging through the rock.

Maybe it's spies from the Drachma. They could be digging a tunnel under the fort.

It's close.

What a pain. It's so annoying. Always digging. It's killing me. I, I guess dying would be a pain, too.



Kimblee. The crimson Alchemist?

He was severely wounded in a cargo train headed here. He was checked into a hospital at the basis of mountain. The full corporation of the Briggs branch is requested.

Why was Kimblee headed up north. I thought he was serving time in prison.

Apparently he was released on the Furer's orders.

I don't like this.

What is it?

We got the intruder from under the ground shell.

We what?



A homunculus. Damn it. Do they know we've come here to find a way of fighting them. This isn't good.

You are sleeping!

What's this?

I'm guessing the creepy guy back in central who you call father told you about us.

But you see, we're just trying to find the way to get our bodies back, that's all.

Why should I care about you? Go dig a hole. How annoying. What a pain.

You mean he doesn't know.

No, I don't think he's heard about us from father or Furer Bradley.

Aha. So it turns out that you really are the Drachman's spy.

No, we're not.

I saw you talking to the intruder like you knew who he was.

No we weren't.

Your lies won't fool me.

Not lying. We never even met that guy.

In the way.

What is this place? This place big. Ah, can I stop digging now that I'm here?

Fire. A gun's uneffecting him at all.

Where am I?

This is bad. That thing's going up to Development. Get him, go!

Contact development. Check the hole, there might be others coming.

Let's see if we can help.



It's all the boxes we have.

It's warm here.

Don't move.

Put it out.

Sir.

I know that I hit it.

It's no use. Fire arms won't work against him.

What? Withdraw our non-combatants immediately. Shut off the alarm and won't help anything of the Drachmans figure out that we're in trouble.

General. We have tanks.

Have the trials been complete?

We don't need to worry about trials. These are the development team's pride and joy.

Remove the fuses from the shells.

Yes, sir.

Ready to go. The first round's locked and loaded.

Fire!

Yeah, get on.

Pain is a pain. Pain is annoying.

Don't just sick there. Load the next round. Fire.

Ouch. I back to work. Dig a hole.

It won't work. Try whatever you want to, but he won't die.

He won't?

Just what are you saying? How does the kid like you know something like that, Ah?

Because we...

Drop the act. You will answer all my questions clearly and completely. First off, how do you know about that thing. Are you a Drachman's spy?

I'm not.

Is that thing a spy?

I really doubt it.

does that thing know you?

No, Apparently not.

What is that thing?

I can't answer.

Who does that thing work for?

I can't answer that.

Why can't you answer me?

I can't answer.

This is my last question. Are you on our side or you in league with that thing?

I'm not with him. I don't wanna see anyone here get hurt.

Then tell me what that thing's made of?

His body's structure and compositional elements are probably the same as a human's.

The same as a human's. Buccaneer, bring me some tank fuel, now. We're going to douse it.

I told you it won't work, General. Set him on fire, but he still won't die.

I understand. I learned from my last attack that we can't kill it. The best that we can hope for is to stop or delay it. So we'll have to hit it with something even stronger than fire.

Now you get to see the Briggs way, kid.



A battle with the Homunculus threatens the northern border, but General Armstrong has determined to protect her teritory. Body crashes against body. Shell is exploding in the air. Who will prevail in this titanic fight?

Next time on fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood. Episode 35, "The Shape of This Country".

Those who stand in the way are swept aside, such is the law of the north.
  