
Narrator: The town of Liore had fallen under the control of Father Cornello, a corrupt priest who used alchemy combined with a Philosopher's stone to deceive his people. Ed and Al came to Liore and put a stop to the priest's sinister plans. The Philosopher's stone, however, was revealed to be a fake. Their leader exposed as a fraud, the hopes of the citizens of Liore were crushed. "Stand up and walk. Move forward." These were Ed's words to Rose- words he had once needed to hear himself.


Episode 04 An Alchemist's Anguish(錬金術師の苦悩)


Scar: You are Basque Grand, the Iron Blood Alchemist...correct?

Grand: Why? Who's asking?

Scar: Foolish alchemists who have turned their backs on the ways of God...shall all be punished.

Grand: I see... You must be the bloodthirsty murderer who's been making a habit of targeting State Alchemists lately... Well this time, you've picked the wrong target!

[explosions]

Grand: You're fast. Try this!

[transmutation]

Grand: A little more?!

[transmutation]

Grand: Hmph... That wasn't so difficult.

[explosion]

Grand: What?! No! How!?

Scar: Now you perish.


Hughes: Another state alchemist dead?

Armstrong: This killer is highly skilled.

Hughes: Major, you watch yourself. For all we know, you could be the next one he comes after.

Armstrong: Understood.

Hughes: Fuhrer Bradley, your Excellency. What brings you here?

Bradley: I got word of what happened. Lieutenant Colonel Hughes, you're the officer in charge of this case?

Hughes: Yes sir.

Bradley: Should you need any additional personnel, just ask. The man doing this is a traitor. I want him stopped.

Hughes: Sir.


Hawkeye: Lieutenant Breda.

Breda: Right... Jeez... The Colonel's sure letting his work pile up again, huh? Havoc, give me a hand will you?

Havoc: I've got plenty to do over here already. Next up... Who's this?

Falman: Lieutenant Yoki. Remember, the crook who was using the Youswell coal mine concession to line his own pockets? Anyways, the Elric brothers exposed what that dirty thief was up to, and now he's on the run.

Hawkeye: Master Sergeant Fuery, how's the radio?

Fuery: The receiver on this thing has seen better days. I think I'm going to have to replace it.

[transmutation]

Fuery: Huh? Hey, it's Edward and Alphonse!

Hawkeye: Welcome back, boys. Go on in, the Colonel's expecting you.

Mustang: Well done on the Liore case you two. Nice work. I appreciate you resolving the matter.

Edward: No big deal. It's not like we did it for you.

Mustang: Right. The Philosopher's Stone. Another false lead?

Edward: Yeah, after all that the stone was a fake. Even so...the power it gave Cornello was real enough. He transmuted this huge chimera right in front of us.

Alphonse: I still wonder how he was able to use the stone to do that. I'm not familiar enough with the field of bio-alchemy to really understand it.

Edward: Yeah, I'm kind of curious about that too. It might be worth looking into. Who knows, maybe we'll find something that could help us restore our bodies.

Alphonse: Hmm.

Mustang: It might help if you consulted a specialist.

Edward and Alphonse: Huh?

Mustang: The Sewing Life Alchemist, Shou Tucker. He's done some heavy research into chimera transmutation. I'll introduce you.

Alphonse: You would do that for us?

Edward: OK, what's the catch? You want something, don't you!

Mustang: Don't doubt my motives! I'm trying to repay you for your work on the Liore case. Doing you a favor is better than being indebted to you.


Mustang: Two years ago, Tucker transmuted a chimera that could understand human speech. That earned him his certification as a State Alchemist.

Edward: By "understand human speech", you mean... Wait, you mean it talks? A chimera?!

Mustang: Right...supposedly. It only said one thing. "I want to die." After that, it refused to eat until it got its wish.

Edward: Man, this house is huge!

[Alexander leaps on Edward]

Edward: Ahhh!

Alphonse: You okay, Ed?

Nina: Daddy! There are people out here, look!

Tucker: Nina, this is why I told you to keep the dog tied up.


Tucker: I'm sorry about the mess. Ever since my wife ran out, this place has been a wreck. I'm not much of a housekeeper. Now that we're all settled in, let me say that it's a pleasure to meet you, Edward. As the colonel told you, I'm the Sewing Life Alchemist Shou Tucker.

Mustang: Ed is interested in the field of biologic alchemy. He would like to have a look at your research, if that's possible.

Tucker: Oh, yes, certainly, I don't mind. However... If you want me to show you the tricks I've got up my sleeve, it's only fair that you show me the tricks you got up yours as well. It's the code we live by- equivalent exchange. Now, why are you interested in bio-alchemy?

Mustang: Oh, um... Ed... Well, you see he's--

Edward: Colonel.

Tucker: You transmuted your mother...as an eleven year old child? I see...so that's what earned you the title "Fullmetal Alchemist". You've had a rough time of it for someone so young. I can't say for sure if it's going to be of any use to you or not, but why don't you go ahead and take a look at my laboratory.

[animal sounds]

Tucker: It's kind of embarrassing. I'm fairly widely regarded as an authority on chimeras. But the truth is...it hasn't actually been going that well lately.

Edward: Ohh, amazing!

Tucker: This is my library. Feel free to look around.

Edward: All right then, let's dive in! I'll start with this shelf!

Alphonse: I'll try starting over here.

Mustang: I'm going to head back to work now. I'll send somebody by to get you this evening.

Tucker: They've got some ability to focus, I'm not sure they know we're here anymore. Quite a catch these two... A couple of prodigies.


Alphonse: Hmm?

[Nina laughing]

Alphonse: Woo-hoo! Way up high! [laughs]

Edward: Al, what're you doing?! You're supposed to be reading!

Alphonse: Um... Nina looked like she wanted to play.

Edward: Well, in case you forgot, we didn't come here to play horsie!

Nina: Alexander says that he wants to play, too!

Edward: Ahhh! That's what you want, is it? You've bested me twice, dog...but playtime is over! I will not lose this time. I, Edward Elric, will use my considerable powers to vanquish you! YOU MANGY MUTT!

[Nina laughs]

Havoc: Hey, chief! Your ride has arrived. What're you doing down there, Ed?

Edward: Oh, uh... Let's just say I'm taking a break from a long day of research.

Tucker: After all that, you must be dog-tired. Why don't you come on back tomorrow?

Nina: You're really going to come again?

Alphonse: We'll play some more tomorrow, OK Nina?

Nina: OK!

Havoc: Oh, Mr. Tucker, I almost forgot. I've got a message for you. It's from the colonel. He says "Don't forget, assessment day is coming soon."

Tucker: Yes... I know.

Havoc: Right.

Nina: Hey, Daddy? What does "assessment day" mean?

Tucker: State alchemists have to report their research once a year in order to keep their certification. You see, your dad didn't get a very good evaluation last year, Nina. Unless I do something very impressive this year, I won't be a state alchemist anymore.

Nina: Huh? No! You'll do just fine Daddy! I know you will! You're always studying so much!

Tucker: [laughs] You're right, Nina. I have to try hard. Or we'll be left with nothing again.


Fullmetal Alchemist


Alphonse: Your mother left two years ago?

Nina: Daddy said she went back to live at her parent's house.

Alphonse: It must get kind of lonely with just you and your dad living in this big house, huh?

Nina: Mm-mm. Not really. Daddy's so nice, and plus, I've got Alexander to play with too! But lately Daddy's been studying in his lab all the time... I guess that does make me feel a little bit lonely.

Edward: [yawn] My shoulders are killing me!

Alphonse: Maybe you should try to move around some, Brother.

Edward: Yeah, not a bad idea Al. Hey, you mangy mutt!

Alexander: [barks]

Edward: Looks like you could use some exercise!

Alphonse: Let's go too, Nina!

Nina: [laughs]

[Edward and Nina laughing]

Edward: I'm going to get you! Look out, here I come!

Havoc: Don't forget, Assessment day is coming soon..."


Hughes: What I want to know is why this guy is only targeting State Alchemists and no one else. If it's the military he's trying to hurt, he could go after normal soldiers. Surely soldiers would be easier to kill than highly skilled alchemists. Especially ones that have been state certified.

Armstrong: Maybe the certification is the reason. State alchemists are given high pay and special privilege. There must be any number of people who envy them for their positions... Or, perhaps, they feel they have not upheld their creed: "Alchemists, be thou for the people." Alchemists, who are supposed to be pillars of science and truth, are turned into the military's walking weapons as soon as they receive certification. There are plenty of people, I'm sure, who have not forgotten the role the state alchemists played in the Ishvalan Civil War.

Ross: I have a report, sir. A canvas has revealed that yesterday, at nine thirty, or right around that time, a man with a large scar on his face was sighted in the Central City train station by multiple station employees.

Hughes: The station? Looks like that bastard got away.


Tucker: Before I earned my State Alchemist certification, our life was terrible. We were so poor in those days. My wife couldn't stand living that kind of life, so she left us. I can't afford to fail this assessment. I don't want to ever go back to those days again. I don't even think I could.

Nina: Don't worry Daddy, it's OK. If those people do tell you no, me an Alexander will growl at them until they say yes!

Alphonse: [laughs] You tell them, Nina!

Tucker: Hey, Nina...I've got an idea. Do you want to play with Daddy tomorrow?

Nina: Really?!

Tucker: Yeah.

Nina: Woo hoo! Alexander, Daddy says he's going to play with us tomorrow!

Alexander: [barks]


Alphonse: Hello, Mr. Tucker! Thanks for having us again today! Huh? Mr. Tucker?

Edward: Hey! Nina?

Alphonse: Mr.Tucker!

Edward: There you are. So you are home!

Tucker: Yes.

Ed: [gasps]

Tucker: I did it boys. I finally did it. A chimera that understands human speech. Here, let me show you. Listen to me...that person over there, that's Edward.

Chimera: That person... Ed...ward.

Tucker: Yes, that's very good. Well done!

Edward: That's amazing! It can actually talk.

Tucker: [nervous laugh] Now I don't have to worry about losing my certification.

Chimera: That person... Ed...ward. That person... Ed...ward. That person... Ed...ward. Big Brother Ed.















[Edward shoves, grabs Tucker]

















Tucker: Oh, but yes we are! The opportunity was right in front of us, and we took it! We had to, even though we knew it was against the rules!

Edward: NO! Not me! Alchemists dont...[punch] do that! I'm not... I'm NOT!

























Tucker: I wonder why no one's capable of understanding me. Nina.

Scar: You're Shou Tucker, correct?

Tucker: Who are you? Not military... Who are you?! How did you get in here?! There were military police out front!

Scar: Foolish alchemists who turn their backs on the way of God... shall be punished.

[transmutation]

Chimera: Daddy's hurting. Daddy hurts... No, Daddy.

Scar: You poor creature. Once you have been given this form, there is no way of separating you again. At least...your passing will be in peace.

[thunder]

Scar: God... Hear me... two human souls have just been returned to you. Please accept them into your loving arms. Please, grant these poor, lost souls everlasting peace and salvation.


<Preview>


Narrator: The rain pours down in East City. Still grief-stricken over the death of Nina, Ed and Al are attacked by the mysterious man, Scar. In a moment of crisis, Ed must make a desperate decision, while the life of his brother hangs in the balance. Next time, on Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood Episode Five. "Rain of Sorrows". What will Edward decide? And will he be able to live with the consequences?




























































 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h4&gt; 


 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:2:&lt;h4&gt; 




 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:4:&lt;h4&gt; 

 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:6:&lt;h4&gt; 






