
  [Shopping mall]

Ein: Well?

Zwei: Oh, it looks fine…I…mean, good…it looks great, really.

Ein: Yeah, whatever…


ASSASSINATION(暗殺)


Ein: Hey come on, slowpoke. We don’t have forever you know. 

Zwei: Yeah, I’m coming alright. 

Ein: It’s this way I think…you looked at the map didn’t you? 

Zwei: Yeah, of course I did. 

Ein: I’m gonna look in there. Will you wait for me?

Zwei: Of course…

Ein: Your wallet please?

Ein: Hello, young man. Nice to meet you.

Zwei: He’s cute. You're gonna carry him all day?

Ein: Yes sir.

Man: So are you here alone?

Zwei: Let’s go sit down…

Woman: Oh…

Zwei: …I’ll buy you a new one…

Ein: Dummy…

Woman: This is very sweet of you.

Zwei: Well, it was my fault…so…

Ein: It’s the least we could do.

Woman: Ah! It looks yummy…So, a…you guys in school?

Zwei: Ah…Yes ma'am.

Woman: But it’s a week day… Playing hooky?

Zwei: Ah…

Ein: Well, there is more to it than that. It’s the school’s founding anniversary and we are having a lame party for it. 

Woman: It’s cool. I used to ditch sometimes.

Ein: Don’t we all?

Zwei: I’m sorry.

Ein: You have some ice cream on your mouth.

Zwei: Oh…

Ein: You’re too careless…Wallace…ready to go?

Ein: So, did you memorize the floor plan?

Zwei: It’s drilled into my head.

Ein: How many security cameras do they have set up on the main walk way?

Zwei: Sixty-eight. There are a couples of blind spots but not quite enough.

Ein: Be more careful when you're talking to people. 

Zwei: I’m sorry…

Ein: We should go back home and work out our plan of attack. Our supply should be arriving soon. 

Zwei: Yeah, right.

Ein: Hey, Zwei…

Zwei: Uh?

Ein: Your acting…stinks.


Scythe: With the addition of Zwei, Phantom can now carry out her missions far more efficiently. They are a cohesive unit.

Wisemel: Those kids kinda give me the creeps. But I appreciate you helping us establish our presence on the east coast so far ahead of schedule. 

Scythe: It’s my pleasure…

McGuire: Phantom…has been used quite a bit of late. Such repeated use won't draw attention, will it?

Claudia: I feel the same way. Perhaps we should be more prudent. Put Phantom on hold for a little while. 

Scythe: With all due respect, you shouldn’t trouble yourself with undue concern for Phantom’s exposure. I implore you to allow us to proceed with this mission as originally planned. As added insurance, I will be travelling there myself to oversee the assignment.

Wisemel: Oh, yeah? Gotta hard-on for this one, huh?

McGuire: All right. I’ll leave it to your phantom.

Scythe: I appreciate your faith sir.


Zwei: Wallace Yang…That’s the alias given to me by Inferno. A student, living in Los Angeles. An ironic choice, the name of the first man I murdered. Ever since that night, I’ve been working regularly for Inferno. Killing…on their behalf. Together with Ein…as a team. Dang Luchio. High-rolling Dallas Mafia boss. He's a recluse. Spends most of his time in the protection of his mansion. But tomorrow is an exception. He is travelling to the mall to get a birthday present for his granddaughter. That’s when we strike.

Ein: A present for us. We are expecting the target to arrive at approximately 3:00 PM. We should be in place and ready to act well before he arrives.

Zwei: Where is the best place to pull it off?

Ein: You tell me.

Zwei: What’s this? A test?

Ein: Master asked me to.

Zwei: We should definitely mingle of it before we approach the target. It’s important for us to fit in. But…we can’t do the deed inside the mall. 

Ein: Why is that?

Zwei: It’s too public. I’m sure it'll be crawling with guards inside as well. They may even have control of security cameras. We should make our move somewhere more unexpected. A place with less security. 

Ein: And where would that be?

Zwei: There is only one place. We got to be with the target and his men feel like they can relax a bit…then…

Ein: All right. You're right, Zwei…Let’s go back to the room.

Zwei: Yeah.


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


[Phone call]

Zwei: Yeah, what is it?

Ein: I’ve located the target but they may have spotted me. I've got two tracers on my tail. I need you to help me throw off the scent. Meet me with at the fountain by elevator nine. Hurry!

[Slap]

Ein: How long am I supposed to wait for you!? I have to walk around all by myself!

Zwei: Sorry…

Ein: I don’t wanna hear another one of your lame excuses! So…What are you gonna do to make up for being such an insensitive jerk!? 

Zwei: Well, a…

Ein: You’d better give me a real good answer! 

Zwei: Tell you what…I’ll buy you anything that you want today…

Ein: And dinner?

Zwei: Yeah…okay…

Ein: Hum…While I was waiting, I’ve checked out a bunch of stores.

Zwei: This is gonna be painful…

Ein: It’s your fault, silly.

Zwei: I said I’m sorry, didn’t I?


Ein: The target is in an antique store in mall's southern sector. So his car should arrive to collect him at the south entrance. 

Zwei: So should we leave now?


Salesclerk: We appreciate your business. 

Customer: This outfit look totally fabulous with those shoes over there!

Ein: You ready to do this?

Zwei: Yeah.

Ein: I’ll go in for the attack. So cover me. 

Zwei: Got it. 

Zwei: We got to be with the target and his man feel like they can relax a bit.

[Gunshot]

Scythe: Now, we take our leave.

[Engine noise]

Scythe: Outstanding work you too. Bravo. 

Zwei: What’s up?

Ein: It’s nothing really…And you?

Zwei: Oh…I’m totally fine…Everything is great.


Scythe: To what by chance do I owe the honor of your presence.

Claudia: Just checking up. It’s common to commend one's subordinate for job well done. I’m impressed. And I appreciate your diligence. 

Scythe: I appreciate your praise as well. 

Claudia: That young man…has been transformed… 

Scythe: Does this please you?

Claudia: Well, of course, yes.

Scythe: Problem?

Claudia: No. So where are they now?

Scythe: They are returning on a commercial flight. After disposing of the equipment. 

[Airport]

Zwei: You wanna go? Someday?

Ein: Not particularly…

Zwei: Am…

Women: The waiting tired her out?

Zwei: Oh…Hello again.

Women: Getting away?

Zwei: Going back actually. We are on a trip here.

Women: Well that’s nice. Did you have a good time? 

Zwei: We did. It was great.

Women: Good. Well, maybe I'll see you again. Bye.

Zwei: See you.

Ein: Hey, Zwei…your acting is much better.


Zwei: Two dogs…kept in a cage until the next hunt…that’s all we are now.

Zwei: Time for another…


Zwei: What’s up?

Ein: It’s nothing I guess…don’t worry about it…Master was right about him. The same path…the path that took me two years to complete…only took him three months…He…is who I used to be. But…I’m afraid. I’m afraid… by watching him. I might learn the truth about myself. Those eyes…scare me…


<Preview>

Zwei: We toss aside our emotions. And pull the trigger. We take away the happiness of others.
  