
McGuire: Who is the next target?


[Phone]: Frank Clard. It took some work, but I was finally able to catch his scent.


Wisemel: You gonna use those guys again? You know…the wired ones.


Claudia: Yes, I believe we've already decided to send them in.


Wisemel: It's gonna be a big production isn't it?


Claudia: I think it's a necessity if we truly want to raise awareness of our existence.


McGuire: Their power rages…becoming hell fire. Burning even hell to the ground. And so we shall build our world from the ashes.


[Zwei meet Ein]


Zwei: You're injured.


Ein: It's just a scratch.


[Gunfire]


Zwei: Me...I kill...in order to live...I kill.



AWAKENING(覚醒)



Zwei: They're gonna kill me...I have to get out of here or they're gonna kill me! I have to run or I'm dead! Those eyes...I can't escape from those cold, black eyes! What am I gonna do!? What am I gonna do!? If I can't get away, I have to kill them! It's kill...or be killed...


[Zwei awakes]


Zwei: Where? Where am I? What is this place? Why am I here? What happened? Who am I? Why can't I remember...my name? Kanji? A backpack? That's me. I guess...maybe...maybe I'm a Japanese traveler who is lost. What's going on? Why can't I remember anything? Whoever attacked me might still be lurking around here some place...


Lizzie: You shouldn’t just be going running off by yourself all the time, Clau. You do that, then what the hell is the point of having a bodyguard?


Claudia: Well, would you like to take a ride with me?


Lizzie: No way!


Claudia: Relax, Lizzie. I’m just going to check up on them. I can’t very well leave all the decisions to that man alone now, can I?


Lizzie: That’s snake in the glass…tender once said he is busy playing with that fine new toy of his by now. What a disgusting pig!


Claudia: He contributes a lot to the organization, Lizzie.


Lizzie: Well he is the favorite puppet of McGuire and the others. So we're gonna have to deal with him.


Claudia: We use whatever means we have at our disposal to achieve our goal. That’s always been the style of Inferno.


Lizzie: I know that. But…listen up Clau, you are treading on dangerous ground. Maybe too much of it. You ever need for my help, just let me know.


Claudia: I’m counting on it. Thank you.


[Engine noise]


Lizzie: Now if the girl could just learn to be a better driver…


Researcher: His ability to assess is 074. Awakening rate is 087. That he's reached these values after only a few minutes awake is simply staggering.


Scythe: As I told you before. The young man is a gem.


Claudia: I’m gonna burn in hell for all of this. But it’s of course…unless I’m already there.


Researcher: Sensory awareness very sharp.


Scythe: That is the true nature of animals. It’s the wild instinct that is laying dormant beneath the evolution of his reasoning. He will hone in on it. I’m sure. Although, it will take some time to reach the awareness that I seek. I’d say it’s about time for you to appear…Phantom. But, show some restraint.


Ein: Yes. Master.


[Cocking sound]


Ein: If you don’t want to die…


Zwei: Those eyes…!


Ein: Then come at me with everything you've got!


[Gunfire]


Scythe: In a moment of crisis, a danger to one’s life, a threat to one’s very existence, when one is faced with sudden misfortune, one must be in touch with his or her animal instincts in order to survive. If one relies on things like morals and kindness, if one believes in his heart that his safety is guaranteed based on those transparent ideals, then they are a weak human who has abandoned the living of this life. The unfortunate truth is, this kind of reliance on the intangible has become the norm. It sickens me…


[Claudia alive]


Scythe: Well well…if it isn't Ms. McCunnen. To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?


Claudia: How are things going?


Scythe: A work in progress. Would you like to see where we stand?


Claudia: Yes.


Scythe: Then by all means.


Zwei: Who is that girl? Why is she after me? I don’t know. I don’t know anything. Not where I am, not how I got here, I don’t even know my name. There is no escape!


Ein: There is no escape.


Zwei: If I can’t get away…


Ein: It’s this way for both of us.


Zwei: Then it’s killed…or be killed!


Scythe: It’s about to begin…


Claudia: What’s that?


Scythe: Why the show of course…


Zwei: What is this!?


Ein: You have to come at me with all you got. If you don’t want to die.


Zwei: I have nothing, no past, no future…I don’t even have a name…but still, I don’t want to die.


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


[Zwei managed to mount Ein]


Ein: Where should I go? When I don’t even know where I came from? When I don’t even have memories? What do I have to do to become free? What is freedom when you have to kill people for it? Tell me…please…


[Zwei didn’t kill Ein and he try to get out from the facility]


Zwei: What the hell? What is this? Where is this place? Who am I? Who am I!?


Ein: Zwei…


Zwei: Wait, who are you?


Ein: My name is Ein. And your name is Zwei.


Zwei: Zwei?


Ein: You will answer to that name from this moment on. It is how you will be known.


[Ein shot Zwei by the tranquilizer gun]


Zwei: What’s happening…? What did…What did you do…? Zwei…?


Ein: This is how it is for us now. I’m you, you’re me.


Scythe: What do you think? Is he not a wonderful find? All things considered the result turned out quite splendidly. No prior training, no knowledge of tactics. A blank campus. He operated solely on natural instinct. But above all that, although it may have been temporary, he surpassed even Ein.


Claudia: Phantom…how shameful.


Ein: Forgive me for failing you.


Scythe: He is a prodigy. But his talent hides. Lurking beneath the surface until he finds himself faced with the stress of a life or death situation. He is certainly the kind of person who was born to join Inferno.


Claudia: Even if that’s true, are you sure he would want that?


Scythe: There’s neither an egg that refuses to hatch nor a seed that evades its eventual sprouting. This has nothing to do with his will.


Claudia: Ah, more brainwashing.


Scythe: It’s the best method for achieving our goals. Using hypnosis and medication, I seal tight all memories dealing with his identity.


Claudia: Hm…


Scythe: Please understand Ms. McCunnen. This is mercy. It could’ve been much worse for him. A stroke of bad luck let him into an unfortunate situation. Under normal circumstances, he had been a witness and thus eliminated. I thought I'd give him one more chance to live a fruitful life.


Claudia: A Japanese tourist that's traveling by himself…there’s no search party?


Scythe: No one will be able to track his path any longer, so our secret is perfectly safe.


Claudia: Ok, then. Scythe Master, I’ll leave this boy to you.


Scythe: I appreciate your confidence.


Claudia: Ein and Zwei…perhaps you should put a little more thought into the names you give your subjects…


Scythe: Such arrogant…just how much longer do you think you’ll be giving me orders like that…madam.


Ein: I'm the first woman. Ein…You’re the second man…Zwei…Together…


Scythe: What are you doing? That is all Ein, go home. Return to your post.


Ein: Yes, master.


Ein: Together, we are ghosts that have no place to haunt. Nonexistent phantoms…


[back to the present]


Clard: Hum?


Ein: Welcome back home, sir. You have a nice flight?


Clard: Yeah, yeah…where is everyone else?


Ein: They are here. They are all inside taking a nap.


Clard: It’s the damn middle of the day! What the hell is going on here?


[Zwei take down bodyguards]


Clard: Wait! Who are you people?


Ein: We’re Phantoms.


[Gunfire]


Scythe: Phantom…the strongest assassin in all of Inferno, and the title given to the top sniper in the organization. My greatest masterpiece. And now he is another.


[Bombing]


Lizzie: Hum…that’s taking it too far.


McGuire: I see…


Wisemell: Looking good. That’s one more out of the way.


Claudia: By now, two out of the five organizations in L.A. have totally fallen apart.


McGuire: This is a start my friends. We are going to create a new era with our own hands. We will create the era…of Inferno.


Ein: Ghosts…that have no place to haunt…


Zwei: Nonexistent Phantoms…


<Preview>


Ein: You are now only allow to exist…for the purpose of killing others.
  