
Wisemel: Five million dollars…just expect my yard and taking five God damn million of my dollars!? There’s got to be some penalties to this type of shit! Find who is responsible and drag his sorry ass to me! I want to deal with him personally. But if there is gonna be commotion, drop him.


CAMOUFLAGE(偽装)


Cal: I got to thanks Reiji! It’s silly but it’s always been a fantasy of mine to do this! I’ve always wanted to order amount of burgers to pile up on the table…and Peg Out! You know?

Reiji: Yeah…So, Cal…the thing we were talking about earlier…the guy that kill Judy…You see him?

Cal: So I was thinking about it…How are we gonna take care of this guys?

Reiji: Huh? 

Cal: I mean if you’re really gonna take revenge for Judy’s murder for me…How you gonna do it? These are kind of guys that probably carry UZIs in stuff…

Reiji: Don’t think I can handle it?

Cal: Hmm…You don’t look like the hero type to me…

Reiji: Yeah, Yeah…I’m used to that by now…But you won’t have to worry. I’m not gonna be the one who’s gonna do the job anyway. I’ll ask a friend of mine to handle it. 

Cal: Oh, really? 

Reiji: Yap…

Cal: You really have a friend like that!?

Reiji: I’m actually a pretty well connected guy. And as soon as you spell the beings and tell who we after, my friend gonna hunt them down and make sure his heart stops its beating properly. So, tell me. What is this guy look like?

Cal: When it’s done, I want to be there!

Reiji: What!?

Cal: I wanna see it happened myself! It mean a lot to me! Please, Reiji! Please let me be there when it happened! 

Reiji: No way…

Cal: Oh, come on! I’ll ask your friend myself it! Are you nervous about it or something? Pretty please?

Reiji: Little girl don’t need to get involved with that stuff.

Cal: But…

Reiji: There’s no way in hell!

Cal: …

Reiji: Hey…Listen, I’m sorry but I can’t…Okay…you win…I’ll do it. I promise I’ll ask my friend if that will be cool with him. 

Cal: You will!?

Reiji: Yeah…but…

Cal: So, once the meeting with your friend is set up, I’ll tell you what they look like!


Reiji: Just still let you know it may take a little bit of time to get in touch with the right person. But I’ll see if I can track him down in the night. I’ll talk to you again tomorrow. 

Cal: Uh…tomorrow, huh?

Reiji: Yeah. You’re busy or something? 

Cal: Well, we were few month behind that lending an apartment…and the lend owner kicked me out this morning…But maybe I can stay in your place?


Claudia: So what’s up Lizzie? How is the detective work going? Any leads?

Lizzie: Phantom is busy checking out the roommate story…And I’m saying if I can find some eyeballs. But…it may take a little while.

Claudia: I’m looking forward to getting this figure it out…Who in the hell screw this up? I have to get the Godo’s behind me get more leverage in Inferno. I can’t let this bullshit getting away!


Cal: Uhhh…So this is your place huh? It’s kind of depressing…

Reiji: It does meet just fine for a while what I need out of it.

Cal: It’s totally empty! 

Reiji: Yeah…what are you doing? 

Cal: We don’t want these burgers to go to waste do we? 

Reiji: I guess not…Are you threatening to stay here until they are all gone? 

Cal: Say what? 

Reiji: Nothing…the bed room is over there. I’m fine with you if you get in this bed.

Cal: Did someone else or still live with you?

Reiji: Why?

Cal: Uh…just a hunch…

Reiji: Yeah, a long time ago.

Cal: Girl friend? 

Reiji: No…

Cal: Hey, Reiji…

Reiji: Hm?

Cal: Can I…use your shower?


Lizzie: So ah…You want me to pretend to be this gangster friend of yours?

Reiji: Yeah. You mind? 

Lizzie: Well, I certainly wouldn’t mind you owing me a favor.

[Cal’s crying]

Lizzie: You think this girl really knows anything about what happened? 

Reiji: I don’t know… 

Lizzie: Well then…what in the hell are you doing with her?

Cal: Hey, Reiji! Sorry! I forgot to get the stupid towel! 

Reiji: Yeah, hold on!...What now!?

Lizzie: Ah, just think it’s funny that the notorious Phantom is getting house train by the little girl. Now just because you all have the sleep over…Hun? He hang up on me…

Wisemel: Though there must be some kind of reason why you’ve been digging around my backyard…Right? Is there?


Cal: Wow! Really!?

Reiji: Yap. My friend say they do it for us. We should get them here sometime tomorrow.

Cal: Thanks a lot. 


Cal: Hey, Reiji…You’ve got a family? 

Reiji: Family? They are in heaven. 

Cal: Oh yeah…

Reiji: Yeah…

Cal: So you’re like me…

Reiji: You’re folks too…Huh?

Cal: I don’t know for sure…I run away from my line suck of crap father…a little while after that, Judy took me in. If it wasn’t for her…I think I probably by dead by now…

Reiji: That’s tough…Sorry…Cal…

Cal: The way I see it…She is the only family I got…But now…now she is dead…I’m sorry. 

Reiji: That’s fine…

Cal: Since I don’t have her anymore…I don’t know where to go…I just feel so lost…I really don’t know what the heck to do…

Reiji: I know…I felt the same way…it’s a part of life…everybody dies. Some people suffer for a long, long time. And some people go with no one to remember them…But no matter happen, Judy has you to remember her. She is lucky in that way.

Cal: You think so? 

Reiji: Yeah.

Cal: You really think so?

Reiji: Yeah…


Cal: I don’t know where to go…I just feel so lost…I really don’t know what the heck to do…


[knock]

Wisemel: I believe you have a house guest. My witness...


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


Wisemel: I got to say man, this place could be really use is chiseling up. Some pictures in shit.

Reiji: What the hell do you want? 

Wisemel: Now don’t be such a wet bracket. I’d just running to find this sister digging around my property looking for some kind of darker story or something. And I’ll be damned that she didn’t have some really interesting things to talk about. Now let me talk to my witness. I’ve gotta feeling that she’ll tell me what she knows. She in there?

Reiji: The girl doesn’t know anything! 

Wisemel: Move it! 

Reiji: There’s no way in hell she could make the shooter in that dark of all place! If she says she saw him, she is lying! 

Wisemel: Move! You death?

[Reiji pull out his gun]

Lizzie: Hold on! 

Wisemel: Shit! Don’t tell me that Phantom is actually gonna go tatal tow me over some trifling little girl…I must say you’ve got me more entry…now. You know I have a funny feeling about this whole thing. You and Claudia plan some back room game huh? 

Reiji: No sir…

Wisemel: Ten AM tomorrow. Come to the base. You can tell your whole little story to me and McGuire. And if you blowing smoke then, we gonna have to find the truth in the hard way.

Lizzie: Sorry about that…Just couldn’t I’ve got know anything.

Reiji: That’s cool.

Lizzie: But does this things screw things up? What the hell do you gonna tell to your bosses tomorrow? 

Reiji: Don’t worry I’ll think of something to tell them.

Lizzie: So you think she doesn’t know huh? 

Reiji: No. I’m sure she doesn’t.

Lizzie: Alright then…

Reiji: You don’t know anything…nothing at all, right Cal? But you’ll tell me your story, won’t you?

Cal: That night…

[Judy was accidentally being shot]

Cal: Judy!? JUDY!

Cal: That’s what happened…

Reiji: I’ve figured this much…

Cal: You figured what? That I didn’t see anything? That guy that was here, that’s Isaac Wisemel isn’t it? That’s the guy who runs the Bloodies gang right?

Reiji: Yeah.

Cal: Reiji…why did you wanna protect me from him? I heard what they call to you…they called you Phantom. I know who that is…Judy’s friend told me he is someone who goes around and kills gangsters. Does that means you’re real assassin? You really are, aren’t you? You’re the assassin Phantom…

Reiji: Yeah…that’s me…Hey…

[Cal pulled out amount of dollar bills]

Reiji: Holly…

Cal: It’s the money those Japanese guys were carrying. Five million dollars! 

Reiji: Holly crap, Cal…did you steel it?

Cal: No I didn’t! I swear I didn’t…I don’t want anything to do with this dirty money…I was hoping…I’d find someone…someone I could pay to help me…You’re the Phantom Reiji…You really are? I’ll give you all of this damn money if you kill them for me! The guy in the array…the guy with the gun! The guy who supposed to get the money! Kill everybody that had anything to do with Judy’s murder! Will you do it for me…?

Reiji: We’ll discuss the fee for my job tomorrow…Let’s sleep on it for now…

Cal: I lied to you…I’m sorry.

Reiji: Yeah, me too…

Reiji: The situation has gone “bad” to “worse”…we still don’t know the shooter is…And I have five million dollars sitting on my coffee table…If what gets out that I’ve got the cash Inferno is not gonna be happy about it…


Cal: Kill everybody anything to do with Judy’s murder!


Reiji: what the hell I’m gonna do? How can I make Cal happy without pissing off Inferno…


Claudia: Would you care to tell me what’s going on?

Reiji: I shouldn’t really talk about it now. If he sees the two of us talking alone like this, Isaac will get suspicious. I’m gonna explain myself in front of everyone. 


McGuire: Now I believe you have something of interest to share? Phantom?

Reiji: Yes sir. First, I need to clear up a small misunderstanding.

McGuire: A “misunderstanding” you say? 

Reiji: Now it is true that I’m sheltering a letch witness to the late night incident. But she is just a family member that was killed in the crossfire. And has no relevant information. 

McGuire: Oh? And you’re sure? 

Reiji: With a title Phantom, from skills for discovering the truth.

Wisemel: Sounds like bullshit to me…

McGuire: I can’t say that I’m convinced. Do you have any evidence to back up your assertion? Did you use any truth serum?

Reiji: No. 

McGuire: Any recorded data?

Reiji: None.

McGuire: So my colleague is right. And we’re just a trustee of your word.

Reiji: Yes sir.

Wisemel: Not good enough for me…No way…

McGuire: What are your thoughts? Claudia?

Claudia: That’s all? Phantom? 

Reiji: Trust me. I have my reasons for not using a truth serum. 

McGuire: Do your reasons run deep enough to excuse why you pull out of a weapon in the presence of Isaac?

Reiji: Yes sir. 

McGuire: Then illuminate me…

Reiji: It’s simple…I didn’t want to damage her any further.

Wisemel: Now you’re just some kind of humanitarian or something?

Reiji: No sir…I didn’t want to put a potential that I saw in her any kind of jeopardy. I see if further use for this girl.

McGuire: Do tell.

Reiji: Well sir…She seems to possess some rare qualities. They may even be call Talents. This girl has intense motivation to kill…and an intense solitude. A ghost haunting this world alone. 

Claudia: Is that so…I seem to recall hearing similar things in the past…

McGuire: I see…You’d like to take this girl and train her in the ways of assassin. 

Reiji: Yes. If you allow it, I’ll personally train this girl that she can serve as my own right arm…

McGuire: What proof do you have she possess such talent? 

Reiji: Just a hunch…

Wisemel: I’m sick and tired of hearing this quack! 

Reiji: I can’t really put it into wards, but I believe it’s true. It may be hard for you to take it on faith alone, but it doesn’t change it. 

Wisemel: You got a big mouth, son!

McGuire: I have just one question. If you’re willing to go this far to gain a new assistant, are you saying you’re displeased with your current situation? Your paring with Lizzie? 

Lizzie: Well, I can’t say they were much way in heaven. The whole partner thing has always seems just a little bit force to me. He is a freaking genius! And I’m just pretty good. If he thinks this new girl will work out better for him…Then she should take my place whenever she is ready. I’m growing.

McGuire: And regard to the prostitute killed along with the Yakuza are Ms. Judy Devens was her name if I’m not mistaken. Are you certain she had no larger role in the incident? 

Lizzie: Yeah…just unlucky. Wrong place and time. Sir, I’ve checked up her background myself.

McGuire: Well Isaac, what do you think?

Wisemel: I still think the whole thing stink! 

McGuire: I will allow it for now…Don’t fail me…

Reiji: Sir.

McGuire: Phantom, I eagerly await your report. 

Claudia: Quite an interesting performance. Reiji…

Wisemel: I don’t buy that act for god damn second. I’ll be watching you boy! Thais may fraud with Claudia, But not with me…


Reiji: Sorry about that…

Lizzie: Don’t worry…Sorry I kept Isaac. 

Reiji: So now what?

Lizzie: Why don’t you tell me? There’s no way in hell you wanna make more people like you. You lied to them to protect her right? You know…because that will hard sails pitch. It’s gonna be your ass on the line. 

Reiji: I know…


Reiji: After the meeting, everything is totally up in the air…the shooter, the five mil, payback for Judy…What the hell do I do…


<Preview>

Reiji: The girl is a natural. But still…Does that make alright to lead her down this same bloody path?
  