
Zwei: I kill people with this hand and I eat with this hand…there isn't any difference. I do both these things so I can live. That’s how life is. We kill to eat.


CONFLAGRATION(大火)


Gant: Hey…sorry for your loss. It’s a real shame.

Anton: What the hell Gant! You have no right to be here!

Gant: Be careful Tony, okay?

Tony: I’m sorry? I don’t know what you mean.

Gant: Yeah, you’re innocent. Try not to forget I've known a lot of you boys ever since you were snobby little brats. I know more than you think. I can see it in your eyes. You’re looking for a bloodbath. Tony, don’t be stupid. I’ve always got my eyes on you…


Anton: Are we gonna finish this?

Tony: Yes, we will destroy Inferno. This isn’t just revenge. We’ll do it to protect the family.

Anton: But with that asshole Gant practically stalking us, we need to be careful.

Tony: I have an idea. There is a way to rid ourselves of them forever. And we won’t even have to dirty our hands in the process. The way I understand it, Inferno was made up of wise guys trying back their bosses and join hands with their enemies. I put together a list of guys who would seem to benefit the most by cutting their family affiliations and joining up with these other backstabbers.

Anton: Richard Harington…Carlo Mendoza…these are made guys. You're saying they're going against their own families?

Tony: And if we dig up the evidence that confirms my hunch. They’ll all be history. Any mafia organization would take exception to that kind of disloyalty. They’re spitting on the code of conduct. So they’ll be sent to hell by their families.

Anton: Yeah…freaking brilliant Tony…

Tony: Anton, I’ll leave the arrangement to you. Stay close to them and reveal their true colors to their families. But, be cautious.


Scythe: Good morning, Ms. McCunnen. You’re looking just as beautiful as always.

Claudia: Why are you here?

McGuire: I asked him to come. He has informative opinions based on a unique insight. I think we can learn quite a bit from listening to him. In fact, I plan on having him participate in future executive meetings as a regular. You don’t have any issue with that, do you?

Claudia: No, sir.


Claudia: Thank you all for coming on such short notice. The reason I called this meeting today is to inform of you Tony Stone’s latest actions.

Richard: Stone? Our message didn’t quite hit home enough?

Claudia: I’ve obtained information he's been spying on us.

Carlo: I suspected I had an annoying fly buzzing around me recently. So he was sent by Tony “the” Stone of all people.

Senior member: I guess that signal we sent him the other day did not have the desired effect.

Wisemel: Seems like he is trying to play it cool and not just hitting us right back. He is trying to figure out if we have a weak point.

McGuire: Obviously, he needs to be taken care of.

Scythe: However, that was not the plan. We originally wanted to take over the Stone family’s territory without turning it into a battlefield.

Carlo: So then, what do you suggest we do? Scythe?

Scythe: The odds of a man like Tony Stone behaving rashly. Well, they would have to be a one in a million chance wouldn’t they?

Senior member: Yes, that’s true Scythe what do you have in mind?


Zwei: She has been gone for a while…


Richard: That's too dangerous. We could never guarantee something like that.

Scythe: Oh, we could, if we use the Phantom. I would imagine she's proven herself to you many times over by now…

Wisemel: She has. And although this is a bigger production than we’ve done before. She is been able to pull off some pretty impressive staff for us in the past. We may have a shot at making this thing work.

Carlo: I would like to hear your thought on this Mr. McGuire.

McGuire: You certainly seem to possess an innate ability to know when you should promote your talent don’t you?

Scythe: Yes I do.

McGuire: Fine then. Why don’t we take a chance on that confidence of yours…Scythe Master…


Scythe: Good Ein…Wonderful…You really are a brilliant subject. This meaningless world filled with confusion is going to be changed by my will. A new order…A new balance…I will orchestrate it all…In this performance. God himself watches from the balcony…You are my lead, Ein. My precious pre Madonna…


Zwei: The meeting, did it go okay?

Ein: This is for our next operation. You can go over it thoroughly later. This time, it’s a series of missions. Many targets. Twelve of them.

Zwei: You're serious? All of them in one night?

Ein: Our individual missions really aren’t that difficult. We just have to time things carefully. And focus on being perfectly in sync.

Zwei: So, these guys are all senior members of Inferno’s rivals? If this succeeds, the power balance on the west coast is gonna change significantly. I don’t know. Doesn’t it seem kinda hasty to you?

Ein: Remember, that is none of your concern.

Zwei: But don’t you think it’s natural to wanna know why?

Ein: Did somebody tell you that it was? You shouldn’t bother. It doesn’t have anything to do with our way of existing.

Zwei: What is our way of existing? Do you know?

Ein: Be a tool. Be an instrument. All we need to do is just function. Don’t think about unnecessary things.

Zwei: How can you just say it like that? I’m only thinking. That doesn’t heart anything, does it?

Ein: We’ll be destroyed. Destroyed both of us.


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


Scythe: I’m pleased to see that everything is prepared so promptly.

Lizzie: Don’t give me that silly smile you son of a bitch. This so called plan of yours is hardly an operation. It’s a joke! You’re putting me and my whole team in danger!

Scythe: Whatever do you mean? I simply have confidence in your team’s abilities.

Lizzie: And another thing, why are you insisting on running this show all by yourself like you own the damn place. Where’s Clau anyway?

Scythe: Claudia had a matter that required her personal attention. So, I’ll be acting in her stand.

Lizzie: Listen, slime ball! I do anything for Claudia no matter how dangerous it was! But I don’t know why the hell I should risk my life for your sorry ass!

Scythe: We will be having more and more of this type of operation you know. I hate to tell you this but you may have to rethink your futures plan, Ms. Garland. But such is life.

Team member: Lizzie, it’s time.

Lizzie: We gotta get out of here. Let’s go.


Ein: We should go.

Zwei: Right.


Man: Great to see you again. Have good time.

[Gunshot]

Ein: Phase one, complete.

Zwei: Roger. Phase two starting.

[Gunshot]

Richard: Now hurry! He is heading for the exit! Search that way!

[Gunshot]

Richard: I got him! Over here!

Mafia member: Who is this guy?

Richard: I know I’ve seen him somewhere before. I think he worked as a bouncer in one of Tony Stone’s strip clubs.

Mafia member: The Stone family? Why did they come after the old man? Those basters!


Abel: Yeah, doesn’t look like Carlo is doing anything special tonight. This definite face is some high roller joint. That guy is real piece of work if you asked me. Yes sir, I understand. Right…okay. I’ll talk to you on the next scheduled call then.

[Zwei kills Abel]

Family’s senior member: What’s going on?

[Gunshot]

Commentator: With regards to the Anlen Construction murder, there is a rumor that a local mafia family was involved in the killing. So it remains highly likely that this is a fight between rival syndicates.

Newscaster: I see…Oh yes…According to the information we’ve just received, a gunfight has caused a fatal accident. We have someone on the PCH now reporting to us live. Perhaps they can shed some light on this terrible tragedy…

Claudia: Typical media overreaction…This night has just begun…

Godo: What are you trying to say, Ms. McCunnen? There's gonna be more?

[Gunshot]

Claudia: Tonight’s bloodshed is just the beginning. You’ll see from this evening on, it is truly going to be a new era. We should cerebrate. Let’s toast the survival of the fittest. It’s a world where any dream is possible if you have the power. Mr. Godo, would that way of life appeal to you?


Tony: Anton! What the hell is going on!? Where is Able and Bark? Why the hell aren’t they responding!? Don’t they know we are in the middle of the god damn war!?

Anton: They are all dead by now Tony. Like a bullet each one of them left their mark. I’m sure they're satisfied.

Tony: Wait…What do you mean? Are you saying Bark and the others…are behind those bosses getting whacked tonight!?

Anton: Well that’s what everyone's gonna believe. After all dead men can’t answer questions, can they? A theory you can test.

[Gunshot]

Tony: Anton…Why…?

Anton: Don’t you get it? Now I guess you wouldn’t. You never waver. You're Tony “the” Stone.

[Gunshot]

Gant: You’ve done good kid. Real good.

Anton: Yeah. And finally I’ll be able to get out of this filthy town. I’ve been waiting twenty five years to break free for this cesspool. It’s all over now.

Gant: Retiring already? So young.

Anton: I received pretty substantial payoff from Inferno. I can buy a nice little cottage or something on the beach on Caribbean. What was your cut?

Gant: My first promotion in fifteen years. I mean when you think about it I did single handedly end the mafia war.

Anton: You did. Looks like we'll both have a long life to look forward to.


Scythe: An era came to a sad end yesterday. The six men who had long control of the criminal underworld for the entirety of the west coast were all tragically killed. Tony Stone was considered to be the mastermind of it all. And the law ended up bringing him to justice. Having lost their leaders each organization will be led to the new era by our friends and brethren…under the banner of Inferno.

McGuire: Splendid. It’s a miracle. And we can attribute it all to your Phantom.

Scythe: Pleased to be of service.


News Reporter: Lieutenant Silas Gant received an award from the mayor earlier today for his contribution in resolving the mafia war. A conflict that shook the heart of the city. Melanie Square entrepreneur and Gang leader, Tony Stone was behind…

Zwei: So Ein. Do people actually believe that’s what happened to those men?

Ein: You’ll find people don’t really care about the truth. They are not even interested.

Zwei: I wonder if anyone will pray for the people that died that day. I wonder who will atone for that sin.

Ein: There’s neither prayer nor atonement. Death is the end of everything. It doesn’t matter what you do after that. There’s no point.


< Preview >

Ein: There is nothing. Dreams are just illusions. All they do is get in your away.
  