
Reiji: I kill…In order to live...I kill…

[Reiji faces Zahlenschwestern]

Reiji: You okay?

Eren: Let’s go.

Scythe: It’s begun…Mr. Shiga. It’s playing out exactly I’ve dreamed.

Shiga: I wouldn’t start gloating just yet…The scenario you’ve created seems very open-ended. It could prove to be disastrous. Not in your favor.

Scythe: No matter…I always intended for a chance to play a major role…Now, it's time to sing and dance…My dear players, let us take our places. Our fated roles in this Baccano of blood and madness and death…


EREN(江漣)


[Reiji and Eren take down two Zahlenschwestern]

Reiji: So who are they?

Eren: More victims of Scythe Master’s experiments…Poor mindless killers…

Reiji: Just like we were…

Eren: There’s at least two more of them. I’m sure of it.

Reiji: Bad odds for us…

Eren: That may not be the case…I have a feeling that Inferno isn’t intending to send any more after them…

Reiji: Why not?

Eren: In his mind, Scythe would see it as having too many players on the stage.

Reiji: So this is his big finale…

Eren: It is… And our last battle as well.


Scythe: It seems our veterans are putting on quite the show. Eh? Neun and Funf have taken their bows…this is a beautiful scenario…Yes…A fitting twist for my grand finale…


Eren: Keep moving.

Reiji: I’ll distract them. While I’m doing that, you go and track down Scythe. If he's the one giving the orders, we have to take him out. You were with him for a long time. You know how he thinks.

Eren: Be careful…

Reiji: Yeah, you too…

[Gunshot]

Reiji: Two on one…


Scythe: Well well…you’re here…Welcome! Finally! You’ve come to take the stage!

Eren: No Scythe…I didn’t come to perform in your play…


Reiji: If there are only two here…the rest…are with Eren…


Scythe: What now? I know you don’t plan on surrendering.

Eren: You’re right…I plan on killing you with my own hands! Master…

Scythe: Kill me? Is that so? How fascinating! That is not part of the narrative my dear…So I’m sorry to say…the odds are not in your favor.

Eren: What’s also not in your story…is the kind of ending scene where I'm simply shot to death…Surely you came up with something better than that…Right?

Scythe: I must say I’m pleased by your appreciation for a more satisfying conclusion…The reason I came here…my entire motivation for coming back to this island nation was to see my beloved daughters’ first and possibly final performance…These girls…these lovely girls are Sechs and Sieben. They are the little sisters who you never knew…Ein…Girls meet Ein…the prototype in who’s image you were created…You should play with her for a while…Once you've exhausted her, you are free to cut her to ribbons…

Scythe: What’s wrong? You don’t seem your old self Ein…they are holding back but still seem to have the advantage over you. Disappointing…

[Eren take down Zahlenschwestern]

Eren: Their reactions, their movements, their thoughts…they’re programmed to behave exactly like me…So, that means…since the time you created me…You’re stuck! You haven’t grown…


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


[Reiji takes down Zahlenschwestern]

Reiji: I’m sorry to use you like that…it’s all I could do…thank you…


Scythe: Unbelievable…this is quite unexpected indeed…I had no idea that you still could wield that kind of power…

Eren: I told you! Didn’t I? I came here to kill you!

Scythe: That is simply not possible…

Eren: Why?

Scythe: Because I’m going to surrender…

Eren: But why…?

Scythe: Because…it means that I no longer pose an imminent threat to your survival…YES EIN…You can’t kill me now that I’m unarmed…can you? This illustrates the difference between you and Zwei…whereas he possess a strong free will, you can only act out of mindless obedience…or self-preservation. Anything else would weigh too heavy on your heart. Your acts of cold-blooded murder were reverberating through your fragile mind…the guilt would be too much. Your complete lack of willpower means your mind is exceptionally weak…much weaker than your average person…You have no original thoughts…No ego…No discernible personality of your own…You have nothing…That’s why you need me…This has been a very delightful evening.

Reiji: Eren…

Eren: You’re a fool…An old delusional fool…You think you can see into someone’s mind? You really believe that’s true?

Scythe: As clear as day…

Eren: I will kill you of my own will…Because…I despise you…Because…I will never forgive what you’ve done…how much you’ve hurt him…

Scythe: But what would you gain from this? It won’t bring you peace…or your lost memory…You’ll continue an endless pursuit of something you can’t catch…

Eren: It may not change that fact. But at least, you won’t be in this world anymore. You’ll be DEAD!

Scythe: Wonderful…How wonderful…MY EIN!

Eren: Don’t call me “Ein”! My name is “Eren”! I was given that name. It’s who I am!

Reiji: Eren…

Scythe: Mischief caused by the Muses…

[Gunfire]

Eren: I’m sure I’ll see you again in hell…but now…I’ll stay…I’ll stay here with him…

[Eren’s crying]

Reiji: Come on, Eren…Let’s go…


McGuire: I see…Scythe Master and his familiar both…

Inferno member: How would you like to handle it sir?

McGuire: New blood can restore the order of an infirm body. If only temporarily…Flowers are certain to wilt…the unborn wallow in their lives as ghosts…Time and tide wait for no man…But still…we press on…


Sanae: What the heck is everybody staring at over here?

Atsushi: I heard there was some kind of big shootout or something…

Hirono: Ooh…Freaky…

Mio: See you later…I promise…

Six Month Later

Reiji: Helmut von Giuseppe…supposedly he came from Berlin…Earned PhD in both psychology and neuroscience at university there…then went on to work in interrogations and mind control…He applied this knowledge in the underworld…and made a name for himself as a kind of assassin broker. It was then he took on the name…”Scythe Master”. Finding out more about him, was the key to discovering Eren’s past…where she came from…When Scythe discovered her five years ago…that’s when her life as “Ein” began…They met in Asia…in Hong Kong…

Reiji: And you’re positive? The man in this picture was here?

Nursing Mother: Yes sir. It was five years ago. That man said that he was interested in becoming a foster parent for the girl from Ulan Bator.

Reiji: Really…Mongolia…

Nursing Mother: She was such a beautiful child…I’d say she’s probably about your age now or maybe just a little younger…It’s kind of strange…But she looked a lot alike the young lady you're with today.

Reiji: Now…we’ve come all the way to Ulan Bator…But we still can’t find out anything about her past.


Informer: Stand on the wide plateau and gaze at the sky. And surely the answer will come to you…You can never forget…that sky…


Reiji: We’re here…


Informer: Yes…If you’re truly a child of Mongolia, it would be impossible to forget that sky…It’s part of your being…your heart and soul…Just look up…and you’ll know…


Eren: We can stop searching…This is it…

Reiji: Are you sure?

Eren: Yes…We don’t have to go any further…This is the sky I always dreamed about…It’s part of my memory…I know this is it…

Reiji: I lived a life…leaving nothing behind but shattered dreams and broken promises…There was one promise I could never break…

Eren: I’ve found what I needed…I have this feeling…And the name I was given…

Reiji: I promised…to make you smile…

Eren: I have memories now…the time I’ve spent with you…

Reiji: You’ll be truly happy…I know you will…

[Gunshot]

[Reiji collapse]

Fin
