
Tony:I thought I made myself clear to you, Sam! I don’t want any drugs in Melanie Square.

Sam: Wait please! I didn’t have a choice! You got to believe me, Tony! Ben told me that I have to sell them here no matter what!

Tony: I don’t remember asking you why you did it! This area is my turf! The Stone family’s turf! And I’m not known for showing compassion! Everyone follows my rules. I don’t care who they are! Got it!?

Gant: Okay Tony, that’s enough.

Tony: Inane old man Gant…

Gant: I can take over from here. Thanks for the help though.

Tony: He is all yours.

Gant: Tony “the” Stone, you are stubborn as ever…I don’t know of any other mafia family around here who doesn’t allow hard drugs. At least, not in L. A…

Tony:All I want is for Melanie Square to be a decent place to play. We have plenty of ways to make money that won’t force us to bend our principals…

Gant: What the hell do you know about principles…After all you don’t even live by the sweat of your own brow, do you?

Tony: It’s called “Chain of Command” pal.

Gant: And that’s why he is Tony “the” Stone…


MOMENT(刹那)


Duke: Daddy!

Tony: Hey champ, when did you get here?

Eva: He couldn’t wait another second before seeing daddy.

Tony: Darling.

Eva: We were out seeing a movie in the square. So we thought we’d say hi.

Duke: Daddy you didn’t forget did you? In two days we're gonna go to amusement park!

Tony: No, how could I’ve forgotten that? It’s gonna be so much fun I can hardly think about anything else.

Anton: Tony…got a sec?

Tony: The bastard's persistent.


Richard: I want this thing settled. If he tries to say “No” again, you may teach him a lesson.

Jackson: Right.

Richard: Ms. McCunnen, it’s Richard Harington.


Jackson: I was hoping we could get this matter solve this evening. We are offering you the best deal we can.

Tony: I know, and it’s not a bad deal. However, I think I’ll pass on it.

Jackson: Why is that?

Tony: My reason is the same. Melanie Square belongs to my family. And everyone in the Square, whether they live here or work here is like a member of that family. I don’t care what the hell you offer, I will not betray them.

Anton: Alright, you have your answers. So why don’t you get out of here, go report back to your boss? Otherwise, I’m sure we can just deliver the message to them with your body.

Jackson: Apparently, this family is yet to fully comprehend the true power of Inferno.

Anton: What the hell!?

Jackson: We’ll give you three more days. This is your last chance, Tony Stone. I trust you’ll change your mind. We’ll be in touch soon.

Anton: Man, that guy is a real prick! So, what do you think? It might have been a bluff. But either way, we're gonna need to check it out.

Tony: Lutz, Rob. I want you to find out exactly who is behind Inferno. Because my guts telling me they’ll being around for a while.

Lutz & Rob: Yes, sir.


Ein: Are you ready, Zwei?

Zwei: Any time.

[Fight]

Ein: Just because you blocked me once, it doesn’t mean the fight will end.

Zwei: Yeah…

Claudia: Very nicely done. When you got here, you were barely able to survive. But, now you are quite skilled at combat.

Zwei: I’ve got a good teacher.

Claudia: I have two important missions I’d like for you to handle Zwei. Will you accept them?

Zwei: What are they?

Claudia: Come with me to my place. I’ll explain there.

Zwei: Yes ma'am.


Zwei: So, this house belongs to you, Ms. MuCcunnen?

Claudia: That’s right. Although, I can feel a little big for a single person with no family. Lizzie's got her hands full working on a different case tonight.

Zwei: So, amm…What were those missions you were talking about?

Claudia: Abut the missions…first of all I want you to be my guard this evening. I’d like for you to keep me company. Just for tonight, I told you Lizzie is out. And although the security here is flawless, I would still prefer someone to stay and keep an eye on me.

Zwei: But ma'am…you’re a senior member. Why do you only have one bodyguard?

Claudia: Do I need anyone else? All right, for your second mission, I want you to monitor a mother and child.

Zwei: Sure, If that’s your order.

Claudia: So obedient…You’re not a doll you know. You can ask why you have to monitor them. You can ask what is so important. That is allowed. Okay?


Anton: What do you mean you couldn’t find any information!?

Rob: We…couldn’t. We went around and hit up every reliable source in town that we can think of. But all of them told us something completely different.

Lutz: One of them would say that the Verrocchio family is involved. And then when we talk to someone else, they turn around and say Cervantes. Of course Bloodies name came up a couple of times, but we ended up with nothing.

Anton: What the hell is your problem!? Now, I want an answer and it better not be we got nothing!

Lutz: Ah…I’m sorry sir…

Tony: Let him go, Anton. They did what I asked them to do.

Anton: What do you mean?

Tony: The way they extended their power in such a short time…their various technics…senior members who never show…add on the information they just got…and there we have our answer about Inferno. They're some kind of organization that seems to have deep roots in all of the west coast mafia families.

Anton: Think so?

Tony: Where else do you think that schmuck’s confidence comes from? They’ve got us over a barrel on this and the only way we can survive is by giving into them. The little bastard knew it too.

Anton: Boss…if that happens, what about Melanie Square!?

Tony: It’s not gonna happen. No matter who we’re facing, I won’t betray the people of the Square. Anton, set up a meeting with Inferno immediately. But tell them this…I will meet with them under one condition. They have to bring their boss this time.

Anton: Tony, don’t tell me…

Tony: I can play ball with them. At least I'll try…My guess is the real boss won’t show, that’s not how the organization is set up. But believe me…I’m willing to bet I'll still be able to  pick a fight.

Anton: If you do that, there’s no way they won’t retaliate against us!

Rob: Anton is right! It’s not just the Square, your family will be in danger.

Tony: I’m well aware of that possibility. We’ll keep them guarded. We are more than Inferno bargained for. They have no idea.


Zwei: Then…depending on how they react, the mother and child…

Claudia: Yes. And if so, can you? Tell me. I don’t want you to just take orders. Tell me your answer Zwei.


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


[Amusement park]

Ein: Come on already!

Zwei: Yeah, yeah…

Woman: Ah! ...Oh, thank you.

Zwei: Sure.

Ein: Looks like you are getting used to it.

Zwei: If you wanna blend in with that a flock of sheep, you got to wear their clothing.

Ein: What did the fifth person we passed look like?

Zwei: A Caucasian male in his mid-twenties. He was wearing a Dodgers cap and a black shirt. Based on the cellphone conversation, he got separated from his friend, and he is trying to find out where they're supposed to meet up.

Ein: Correct, yes. Even when wearing sheep skin, a wolf should not forget his sense of smell.

Zwei: That’s also something you told me.

Duke: Can I have a balloon please?

Tony: Sure, why not?


Tony: Now, be a good boy, Duke. Bye.

Duke: Bye, daddy!

Eva: Thanks Tony. Bye. Love you.

Abel: I just heard from Anton. He said everything is ready when you are.

Tony: Let’s go.

Gant: Well looka here! Where are you fine gentlemen headed dressed up like that?

Tony: Old man, Gant. It’s not really any of your business is it?

Gant: Listen, just don’t do anything that will hurt good people. You got that? Because if you do…

Tony: Yeah, I know…

Lutz: Abel and Bark are heading up the security detail at your place tonight. Watching over the Mrs. and the kid. So, don’t worry. The place is practically a damn fortress.

Tony: And Inferno?

Lutz: They're gonna be here real soon.


Richard: You feel confident in handling this matter?

Claudia: Yes. We have to think about our future. So I’ll be happy to serve as liaison.

Richard: Again, I thank you. Although as head of this district, my feelings are mixed. We’d like to make Melanie Square ours without turning it into a battlefield. So I’m counting on your persuasive skills.

Claudia: Oh, I wouldn’t worry, don’t forget we’re holding two trump cards. Even Tony “the” Stone wouldn’t call our bluff.


Bark: Ah…ma'am, I just now got off the phone with Rob. He said they’ve already started the meeting.

Eva: I see.

Bark: Now things have been pretty quiet outside and we've got the place covered, so there’s no need for you to worry.

Abel: As long as nothing happens tonight, the game should be ours.

Eva: I hope so.


Tony: To be perfectly honest, I never expected that the senior member of Inferno to be so lovely.

Claudia: Most people make that mistake.

Anton: Yeah, I’m sure they do. But…we didn’t ask to speak with a hot piece of tail. We wanted your boss.

Claudia: Well, I certainly won’t pretend that I’m the number one. But, I’ve been given full authority with regard to this transaction.

Jackson: And so, his attitude is less than respectful.

Tony: Back off Melanie Square. It’s mine.

Claudia: Do you honestly believe we’ll just leave it at that?

Tony: We’ll pay the debt later on. You realized that even the mafia has its code of ethics.

Claudia: You don’t have to pay us the debt. All we want…is for you to give us the square.

Tony: These people here may live on society's underbelly. They may be part of the seedy side of life. But Melanie Square is their home and their livelihood. And they are very loyal to me. So…you understand that I would be loyal to them. I view them as family. And I will not betray them. That will go against everything I stand for.

Claudia: Right, you’re Tony “the” Stone. Your tough reputation precede you. I wonder if you’d be so stubborn if your real family was in danger. What’s the story there Stone?

Tony: If you did what I assume you’re threatening, you’d lose everything. Is that what you really want?

Claudia: I told you what we wanted. Now, are you gonna play ball and hand control of the Melanie Square over to Inferno or not?

Tony: No.

[Gunfire]

Lizzie: Thanks Phantom, you’re late.

[Sniping]

Anton: What the hell!?

Tony: Down! Sniper!

[Gunfire]

Tony: shoot him! Kill the bastard!

Rob: We can’t! He’s too far away…Agh!

Claudia: Zwei, it’s your turn.


Bark: What!? What about Tony!? He Okay!? Rob and Lutz are dead. The negotiations didn’t go well but…your husband is fine.

Eva: Oh, God...

Bark: Ma'am, I think it would be best if you went to stay with Duke. Okay?

Eva: Yeah…

Anton: My god…they’re insane…

Tony: This is war.


Duke: Mammy.

Eva: Duke…why aren’t you sleep yet?

Duke: The man from amusement park is here.

[Gunshot]

Tony: Eva! Eva!


Claudia: Wonderful…You…are wonderful…


< Preview >

Ein: Be an instrument. We’re tool. The only thing we need to do…is function.
  