
Claudia: Romero…I wonder…if you had his life, would you have that same calm expression he does.


Claudia: I thought surely you’d be gone by now, shouldn’t you be headed to Mexico?

Lizzie: Yes, but before I say Adios, I wanted to remind you, you’d better be on your best behavior while I’m not around to look after you. So…what’s up with this passport?

Claudia: He is kind of a handsome little guy, don’t you think?

Lizzie: You’re asking a wrong girl about that. I can’t tell the difference between any of those Asian dudes. All I can say is he looks like he doesn’t have a single care in the world to me.

Claudia: Well…You think he could be a killer?

Lizzie: Huh…Honey, he doesn’t look like he'd hurt a fly.

Claudia: Good…that’s exactly what we are looking for.


PRACTICE(実践)


[Training]

Ein: One thing you must remember…a knife can be used as both a weapon and as a shield. Now then…


Ein: But you must also remember this Zwei, while you deflecting your enemy’s attacks with the knife, you have one hand open to attack with as well.


Zwei: That first time…you were going easy on me.

Ein: Don’t rely on submission holds. Never forget there is a knife.


News Reporter: The body of special agent Theodore Brice was discovered in… 

Ein: When learning languages, you must use your ears and your eyes.

Zwei: Sure…

News Reporter: Officials have declined further comment. But it is widely believed that this group may have it a hand in the murder…


Zwei: She is gonna kill someone else…


Scythe: And how is our friend Zwei?

Zwei: Skill-wise. He is very close to being completed.

Scythe: Excellent…Impeccable timing…disrobe please, Ein.

Ein: Yes.

Scuthe: Absolute perfection…who would suspect the beneath this beautiful flawless exterior…beats the heart of a hardened killer…Take it. My Ein…an adorned clay, molded by the master’s hand into something truly divine. Could this perfection beget perfection? Could what you sculpt with Zwei dare match what we’ve created?

Ein: Yes.

Scythe: Your glory will be crowned with what you engender in your protege. Plant the seed of perfection within him.

Ein: Yes, Master.


Zwei: So Ein, you were gone for a while. 

Ein: Come on. You have to get ready.


Wallace: So how long I got to wait here? I’m not just some king of freaking every day jerk off you know…I‘ve risked my ass for you guys. It’s because of my dedicated service, that I can get you people all those beautiful guns.

Scythe: Your dedication has not gone unnoticed, Lieutenant Wallace. I assure you that. But we were unprepared for so sudden a visit.

Wallace: It’s my crappy luck pal. My only god damn vacation and I walk into a crime scene.

Scythe: Yes, quite unfortunate. Compounded further by the victim’s position and F.B.I…You knew him per chance?

Wallace: No I didn’t. And I have no idea why in the hell they fingered me.

Scythe: Nor do I…

Wallace: I’m sure they will want to investigate any unsavory associations I may have. It might be in Inferno’s best interest to draw me a line here.

Scythe: I understand. I hear the Caribbean is lovely this time of year, Lieutenant.

Wallace: I’ll send you a post card.


Ein: Now take one. Choose whatever firearm you feel the most comfortable with.

Zwei: So, more training…

Ein: No, not exactly. A test.

Zwei: I see…


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


Ein: Come with me…

Wallace: What the hell!? This doesn’t look like the god damn airport to me! What’s the score here!?

Claudia: The esteemed Mr. McGuire, meet one of the U.S. Navy’s elite SEALs Lieutenant Wallace. 

Zwei: Another Inferno Member? Semi-automatic…she a bodyguard?

Wallace: So what the hell is going on!?

Zwei: Something’s up?

Claudia: You’ve been a very bad boy…Lieutenant. If only you'd been a bit more…monogamous. However your insatiable appetite has led you to the trough of terrorists. And now the F.B.I is smelling a rat. Discretion is paramount to the existence of Inferno.

Wallace: So you're gonna do me like that!?

Claudia: You agreed?

Scythe: Lieutenant Wallace, Inferno is prepared to offer you somewhat of a bailout measure. You can run…

Wallace: What!?

Scythe: We’ll delay our search ten minutes. After that time has passed, we will send someone to intercept. Escape and you may live. Do you find this bargain acceptable?

Claudia: Yes.

Scythe: Inside this building, you will find a well-stocked armory. Take whatever you wish. 

Wallace: What the hell is this?

Scythe: An opportunity to win your life by sheer force of will. It will also serve us a test of skills. All things considered this offer is more than fair, Lieutenant.

Wallace: I stuck my god damn neck out for you people! And I get this!?

Scythe: Your time is far too valuable to waste.

Wallace: Damn it!

Scythe: The situation is just as you've heard. This is your test as well, Zwei…You will kill that man. How does not concern me. Just complete the task.

Zwei: But…I’m not ready…my training…

Ein: your training is done. You performed very well, amazingly well. I believe you’re ready for an actual mission.

Scythe: Quite impressive. To garner such accolades from the Phantom of Inferno herself. Let her praise bring you confidence.

Zwei: Confidence!? You’re talking about murder!

Ein: Time to begin. Find him.

Zwei: I can’t…I can’t kill him…

Ein: You only have two options to choose from, Zwei. You can either accept the terms of your new life or you can reject them and die right here!

McGuire: You believe he will succeed? A Navy SEALs would be difficult quarry. 

Scythe: I wholeheartedly believe, you were invited here to bear witness firsthand to his abilities. I have the upmost confidence that you will not be disappointed. 


Zwei: Which weapon did he choose?

Ein: Any time you're pursuing a target, try to think from the perspective of the one running. But…your enemy can do this as well…and anticipate your moves. 

Scythe: Phantom…What are your thoughts? 

Ein: Lieutenant Wallace is a highly skilled and well trained adversary. He also possesses much more actual combat experience. 

Scythe: True…

Ein: But, Zwei’s instincts are extremely sharp. If he can maintain his focus, they may be enough to give him the advantage.

McGuire: And his odds of survival?

Ein: Fifty-Fifty chance. But this exercise will definitely enable us to get a measure on his true potential as an assassin. 

Claudia: You think Zwei can win?

Ein: It’s difficult to say without knowing the extent of Wallace’s skills.


[Gunshot]

Wallace: Wait! Don’t shoot…So now I’m unarmed. Please listen to me…I don’t know why they're making a guy in your age do something like this. But just think for a second. There’s absolutely no reason for us to kill each other. Hey kid, you got family right? You actually remind me of my little brother. He is about your age. All I ever wanted to do was make sure he was taken care of…

Ein: If you see one rat…There are thirty more. Just as if someone tells one lie, they will tell others.

Wallace: I know there are more honest ways to make a living. But I was finally able to send him to collage. I wanna be there when he graduates.

Ein: The craftsman has more than one tool. An assassin should be no different.

Wallace: They are using us you know! Inferno doesn’t gives a rat's ass about us! We should go after them, don’t you think? 

[Gunshot]


McGuire: Two shots have been fired. Perhaps the final outcome has been determined? What if the result is not to our favor? What if Zwei fails?

Scythe: I assure you we have a contingency plan in the unlikely event of failure. 

Claudia: Nonetheless…I still think we should exercise some degree of caution and wait in the car. 

McGuire: Agreed. 


Wallace: Game over! You little prick! I can’t tell you how many assholes like you I’ve seen in my life time. Too afraid to close a deal and pull the fucking trigger! Now, pay close attention. I’ll show you how you kill somebody.

[Wallace kicks Zwei]

Wallce: Get that!? Bitch! Killing ain’t something anyone can do! They ain’t something you can’t take lightly. Now keep watching! This lesson ain’t quite over yet…

[Zwei stabs Wallace’s arm]

[Gunshot]

Ein: That’s it. You did very well for your first time.

Zwei: Why…? This is all just a dream, right?

Ein: I told you…that this would be a very long dream. It may just be the beginning. And unless you either die or lose your sanity. You will never wake up from it. You can end it if you want. It is your choice. These things that are yours, your eyes, your ears, your heart. Cast them all aside. Become only “Zwei”. See through Zwei’s eyes, hear through his ears…you will lose all your fear. You will be free. 

Zwei: No, I can’t…I’m not Zwei…I can’t be him…

Ein:…Yes, you’re absolutely right. I can help you do it…end it for you…

Zwei: Please…I’m ready to wake up…

[Gunshot]

Ein: It’s over now. You don’t exist anymore…Alright Zwei, stand up. Zwei.


McGuire: Tell me how you discovered that boy, Claudia.

Claudia: A source…a contact in Japan recommended him.

McGuire: I see. He has quite a bit of that country’s character. He found power in the hopeless situation.

Claudia: Yes.


Ein: You passed the test. From now on, you are part of Inferno.


<Preview>

Ein: You are now, as once I was. I know the despair you feel. I know your pain.
  