
Zwei: Then it’s killed…or be killed!

[Zwei awakes]

Ein: So, you woke up…

TRAINING(訓練)

Ein: You don’t have to be scared of me. I won’t attack you anymore.

Zwei: But, who are you?

Ein: I no longer have a name. But you can call me “Ein” if you need to. That is what I’m now known as.

Zwei: Tell me, Ein. Why did you attack me?

Ein: I was told to verify your talent. 

Zwei: What talent?

Ein: You possess certain abilities you may not be aware of. You have the talent to kill, and the talent to survive. These are both skills of an assassin.

Zwei: No way. But this doesn’t make any sense! What the hell makes you think that any way!?

Ein: Because you tried very hard to kill me. In your situation, an ordinary person would’ve panicked, they would’ve frozen up, and they would’ve been killed. But you were different. You acted on your instinct before you even fully understood the situation. And you survived, Zwei.

Zwei: Zwei?

Ein: That is your new name.

Zwei: No, it’s not! You can’t just call me whatever you want! Why don’t you call me by my real name…It’s…my name is…

Ein: You are wasting your time. You no longer have that name.

Zwei: What do you mean?

Ein: All your memories were erased…by a group, called Inferno.


McGuire: Just wonderful…your little Phantom is the best in the field. Scythe Master.

Scythe: I’m honored. Thank you, Mr. McGuire.

Wisemell: I’ll be damned…can’t believe a kid pulled a job like that…

McGuire: Yet…it makes sense. That's why also we bestowed demonical phantom on the little thing. It is quite the feat…a creation of a ghost living among us but not entirely of this world.

Scythe: We owe many things to the backing of Ms. McCunnen.

McGuire: You have a good subordinate, Claudia…By the way, I heard there was a slight issue getting rid of that journalist. Was he too much to handle?

Claudia: No. No trouble at all.

McGuire: I also heard that the execution was witnessed by a tourist. Is that true?

Cluadia: I don’t know where you got that information, but we took care of all witnesses and the target’s body. The scene was totally cleaned.

McGuire: Good. That makes me happy. You used Phantom for all of that?

Claudia: Yes.


Ein: You were supposed to be killed. So all evidence could be eliminated. But, master noticed your talent. And he thought it would be a waste if you died.

Zwei: Master…?

Ein: Scythe Master. He is my boss. He decided that it would be best to erase your memory. To use the talent that he saw on you, and prepare you for another life. One as a member of inferno. In this new life, you’ll be an assassin.

Zwei: An Assassin? But why?

Ein: We're bringing you on board as my second. We need your talent, Zwei.

Zwei: That’s crazy! Why the hell would I do that!? I’m not a killer!

Ein: You are absolutely free to refuse our offer…but know that if you do…things will continue as originally planned, right here, right now…and I will kill you. You have to be reborn if you want to live. From this point on, you exist solely for the purpose of killing other people.

Zwei: But I…I don’t wanna die. A dream…that’s all…just a bad dream I can't wake up from…

Ein: Believe that if it comforts you. Just keep thinking that everything is a dream. But, it’s going to be a very long one.

[Training field]

Ein: Put those on. From this point forward, you will be with me at all times. Follow every direction I give you, you got that? Let’s get started.

[Training]


Scythe: Zwei is progressing through training as planned. He hasn't made a single fuss. The boy is obedient. 

Claudia: If one trains that hard every day, I would imagine forming any kind of thought would be difficult.

Scythe: That’s precisely how you tame someone. You won’t be disappointed in the results, Ms. McCunnen. I promise you that.

Claudia: Do I seem to eager?

Scythe: My pawn is your pawn, is my pawn madam. But we both know that everything is an offering to inferno.


Ein: Don’t put your finger on the trigger until you’re ready to fire. And don’t focus on your shoulders or your arms. Focus on the fingers that hold the gun. This is the front sight. You aim by looking at the front sight through the notch in the rear sight. When you have the gun ready, stabilize like this. Stretch your right arm out, and then pull with your left arm. And even then, focus on your hands not your arms. When you fire the gun, don’t rush. Stay calm and squeeze the trigger. Now fire.

[Gunshot]

Ein: Fire the remaining five continuously.

[Gunshot]

Ein: At this distance, you shouldn’t miss a shot. Once you can do that, we’ll work on your speed. Your goal is six shots in 4 seconds. Focus on hitting those target every time.


Phantom -Requiem for the Phantom-


Ein: You’re still too slow. Even though you can hit them all now, you’ll be dead before you empty the chamber. 

Zwei: Do it again…Do it again…All I do…is exactly what I’m told to do…As long as I keep doing this…As long as I stay focused…I won’t have to think about anything…As long as I do this, I feel relief…I even forget all the questions I have…And then the day…just disappears.

Ein: I’m going out. Keep up with the same training routine. 

Zwei: Where are you going? 

Ein: I have work to do.

Scythe: Let’s go, Phantom…

Ein: Yes master.

Zwei: Master…That man…He must be Scythe master.

Scythe: This is your first sniping assignment in a while. But I’m sure it would be a piece of cake for you. Seven hundred yards to the target. I have a .308 caliber Remington waiting for you. The weather at the location is cloudy with a slight breeze and should remain that way until tomorrow morning. Details are in the envelop. Do you have any questions?

Ein: No, sir.

Scythe: Good…By the way, how is Zwei doing?

Ein: The initial training phase has been completed. He’ll be starting a new regimen tomorrow. 

Scythe: I’m thinking it’s almost time for me to prepare a skills test for him.

[Claudia alive]

Claudia: Don’t mind me. Continue what you're doing. I should start off with “Hello”. My name is Claudia McCunnen. Are you curious to know more than just my name?

Zwei: No.

Claudia: You've got to have some questions about the organization that took you in…Inferno. I’m taking your lack of reply as an affirmative. Inferno is…well, in a world of no legal order, it is a group that aspires to the creation of a different kind of order. Try this, If we were to compare gangs and mafia families to countries, then Inferno is somewhat like the United Nations. Its goal is to unify the underground world. Such an Idealistic goal would’ve been laughable if not condemnable just a few years ago. But we now have something that will make all of this possible. I mean Phantom.

Zwei:…!

Claudia: Yes, that’s your instructor. The power of Phantom is…absolute. She eliminates the target without fail. Her existence gives Inferno every confidence. It’s the fear…the tremendous fear organizations have of her that keeps themselves from defying Inferno. She is truly the most powerful assassin in the world.

Zwei: Hold on…She is just like me that's being used by your people. That means Phantom and I…have no other choice but to live like slaves.

Claudia: It’s true that we’re forcing both of you to live this way. But…you are not slaves. You have freedoms of which you're not aware. Like speed…

Zwei: How so…

Claudia: Though your path may be set, you can gain as much speed down that path as you would like. You just need the desire to progress. And if you’re fast enough, you may even be able to reach the top. How you choose to get there? That’s up to you. Now, don’t ever think of yourself as a slave again, Okay? Remember, that the way you present yourself colors how others view you. Act like a slave and you’ll be treated like one.

[Engine sound]

Claudia: I’d love to stay and chat longer, but there’s some business that needs my attention. Alright, Zwei…Bye. You know, cars are meant to be driven by people, they’re not driven by puppets. 


Claudia: Though your path may be set, you can gain as much speed down that path as you would like. You just need the desire to progress…

Zwei: Desire…Freedom…I‘ve forgotten those words this whole time…


Zwei: Ein…

Ein: Yes?

Zwei: On your job, did you…kill someone?

Ein: Ah…huh.

Zwei: How did you get this way? Why do you do it? 

Ein: I don’t know. They never told me about my life before this. 

Zwei: Like me…

Ein: That’s right, I’m just like you. They erased all of my memories…made me a killer. But who cares…the most important thing is surviving one moment to the next. Because a killer…doesn’t have a past and doesn’t have a future. They have nothing. 

Zwei: But…this woman named Claudia... She said…

Ein: You met her?

Zwei: She came by here when you were gone. She said you and I aren’t slaves for Inferno. She said we are free. 

Ein: If you want to believe that, then go ahead. But eventually, you’ll fell nothing just as same as me. It’s the only way to bear the burden. Just turn off. Someday, you’ll feel just like me. You’ll understand once you start killing people. 


Zwei: Out here? Alone? It’s easy to pull the trigger. The target is just a brick. But…if it’s something else…

Ein: Fire. 

Zwei:…!

Ein: Now Zwei, do it!

Zwei: Zwei…

[Gunfire]

<Preview>

Ein: This is the continuation of the dream…the dream from which you will never awake…until you die.
  