
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 

Girl: It looks like those guys are bothering her.

Boy: You think we should call Judgement to get them down here?

Misaka: Here we go. Never a dull moment in this place. Lovely Academy City.

Tour Girl: Welcome to our amazing city.
A thriving urban area with a population of 23 million, 80% of which are students.
This city itself is like a giant experiment standing at the very forefront of the scientific community.
It's estimated that the technology we use here is 20 to 30 years more advanced than you'll find anywhere else in the world today.
Now then, can you tell me what all the students are here to study?

Kids: Esper powers!

Tour Girl: The city has a tip-top public safety system.
So, you parents will never have to worry about your precious children while they're here.
Please rest assured that...
What was that? Did we hit something? The traffic signals are out.

Thug: Damn! Nothing's going right. Who in the world is that?

Kuroko: Hold it right there, punk!
In the name of Judgement, I was right, you're the hoodlum in the alert, aren't you?
It looks like today isn't your day.

Thug: Damn...

Kuroko: This is Kuroko Shirai. I've just captured one of the criminals.
Uiharu, where are the remaining targets to apprehend.

Uiharu: Take a left at the end of the alley, then another left 5 meters after that.

Kuroko: Copy that. On it.
Halt! In the name of Judgement, we've been alerted to your activities.
Come quietly or I'll be forced to...
What happened here?

Misaka: Oh. Hey, Kuroko.

Kuroko: Sissy!



Kuroko: Honestly, how many times do I have to say it before you understand?
Maintaining the public safety of Academy City is a job for Judgement, not regular citizens'.
You can't keep doing that sort of things on your own.
Are you listening to me? Well, Sissy?

Misaka: I can't help it if I get there first, can I?
I'm always done by the time you guys even show up.

Kuroko: You can't just beat up another student without authorization.
The city directors get all twit you when that happens.

Misaka: In that case, maybe you guys should try getting there a little sooner.
Academy City isn't living up to its name.
They've got security posted all over but they can't even eliminate petty criminals.
They can claim to be scientifically advanced all they want, but...

Kuroko: Sissy?

Misaka: Chaser!
I don't see how those advances really impact our lives.

Kuroko: What am I going to do with you? How come you still insist on wearing those dowdy shorts under your skirt?

Misaka: Why were you even looking? I wear these because it's easier to...

Machines: Trouble detected with vending machine 7-1165.
Destruction of property suspected.
Destruction of property suspected.

Kuroko: Now, was that really necessary? You could've gone into trouble.
Oh, no. We're going to have to hurry.

Misaka: Oh, that's right. We have a System Scan today, huh?

Girl 1: are waves. A star? Waves. Circle.

Teacher: Next. 38 degrees.

Girl 2: Right.

Teacher: Off by 0.2 millimeters.

Very good. Next student, please.

Teacher: Recording 78 m and 23 cm.
Distance from target, 54 cm.
Overall rating, Level 4.

Kuroko: Oh, I'm feeling a little bit off today for some reason.
Maybe my work with Judgement yesterday exhausted my...

Mitsuko: Making excuses for your poor performance?
Don't you think that's a little pathetic, even for you, Shirai?

Kuroko: Shut it, Mitsuko Kongo.

Mitsuko: At the rate you're going, it's pretty obvious I'll reach Level 5 before you do. Won't that be exciting?

Kuroko: I'd greatly appreciate it if you'd avoid comparing your abilities with my powers?
The differences between grasping 3-dimensional space and 11-dimensional spaces simply...

Mitsuko: It would be a nice change. Either way, I found it annoying to have a first year student like you talking down to someone like me.
Just mark my words.

Kuroko: She'd never develop the ability to listen to anybody's voice but her own!

Mitsuko: Geez. Was that some kind of explosion?

Kuroko: Since you transferred in this term as a second-year there are probably some gaps in your knowledge of the school.
A certain student is having her abilities tested at the pool right now.
And she's the real Ace of Tokiwadai.
If they didn't use the water in the pool to act as a buffer, they couldn't accurately measure her destructive powers.
What do you think? Are you ready to face one of those blasts head-on?

Girl on Speaker: Recording initial shot speed: 1030 m for second.
Rapid fire ability: 8 shots per minute.
Pattern grouping: 18.9 mm.
Overall rating: Level 5.

Misaka: Huh? You heard it from across the school grounds?

Kuroko: It was incredibly loud.
Girls were nearly jumping out of their skins.

Misaka: Good grief. It's so annoying that's the only way to get an accurate reading.
Sometimes I think an ability like yours would be a lot more convenient than mine.

Kuroko: Isn't it amazing how the grasses always greener on the other side?

Misaka: Yeah, yeah. Spout out the platitudes you want to.

Kuroko: Say whatever you want, it doesn't change the fact that you're Tokiwadai's Ace. You can thrust out your chest with pride based upon that alone.

Misaka: The Ace, am I?

Kuroko: Although, I may be wrong.
This small chest of yours might be too modest and bashful to be thrust out.
But... oh, it's this very modesty that lays at the heart of your undeniable sensuality, Sissy.
The simple yet elegant temptation is almost too much for one girl to bear.
My poor heart might break!

Misaka: There's already something broken in your head!

Kuroko: I was just trying to bond with you, Sissy.

Misaka: Shut up!

Uiharu: Let's see.

Saten: U-i-ha-ru!
Oh, I see. You're sporting the light pink polka-dots today.

Uiharu: I can't believe you! What are you think you're doing, Saten!

Saten: Oh, come on. Just relax. We're classmates, aren't we? There's no need to be so bashful about it.
Here. Let's try again. It'll make you feel better.

Uiharu: You're awful. You know that?

Saten: Sorry, sorry. I got carried away.
Wanna see mine to even the score?

Uiharu: No, thank you. Sometimes I think you're pure evil.

Saten: Oh, I forgot. How'd it go?

Uiharu: But how did what go?

Saten: Well, what do you think, silly? You had your System Scan.

Uiharu: Oh. An absolute disaster.
I'm still ranked Level 1, just like I've always been way back to grade school.
You should've heard my homeroom teacher.
"Are those flowers on you head just for show? Use their blooming power to encourage your own abilities to blossom!"

Saten: Ooh, wow. There's so much in that speech I can make fun of, it's too easy.
But that aside, try to keep your chin up, okay?
Level 1 is a whole lot better than nothing, if you ask me, unlike my pathetic Level 0.
I'm officially incompetent.
Now, now. Don't worry about me.
I make sure to enjoy everyday as much as I can.
As long as I do that it's okay.

Uiharu: That's a good philosophy.

Saten: Here. Listen to this. It'll cheer you up!

Uiharu: It's Hitotsui Hajime! What's this song?

Saten: You wouldn't have heard it. I downloaded the pre-release early.
The album this song is on actually goes on sale today.

Uiharu: Do you still buy the CD even after you've downloaded it?

Saten: Of course, I do. But I still like entering to win stuff like this limited release download.
Because that is the mark of a true fan.
Now, come with me so we can buy that CD.

Uiharu: I can't go with you. I have a meeting with Kuroko Shirai today.

Saten: That name sounds familiar. Is she that girl who's in Judgement with you?

Uiharu: My fondest wish is about to come true.
Today I'm going to meet Mikoto Misaka!
She's one of only seven Level 5s in all of Academy City, the Ace of Tokiwadai!
I think she's amazing!

Saten: Really. A Level 5 from Tokiwadai middle school? I'll bet she's just another arrogant jerk who flaunts her power while looking down her nose at the rest of us.

Uiharu: No, she's not.

Saten: People like her are all the same.
They treat anyone in a lower level with contempt. I think they're disgusting.
And she'll be worse since she is a darling of Tokiwadai.

Uiharu: A darling of Tokiwadai! I love that. I get to meet somebody who's no simple student but a darling!

Saten: You know what I think? You're so starry-eyed over meeting a celebrity that it's out of your brains.

Uiharu: I'm excited about meeting her because I'm sure she's a very nice person and the anticipation hasn't affected my brain at all.
Hey, I know! Why don't you come along, Saten?

Saten: I don't really know about that.

Uiharu: Oh, come on. It'll be so much fun.

Saten: Yeah, maybe. But I just don't think...

Uiharu: You don't get a chance like this very often.

Saten: I wasn't sure! Let me think a second, Uiharu!


Misaka: One of my fans?

Kuroko: She's a girl I know from Judgement.
She takes care of my backup at the 177th Branch.
She's a big supporter. She's always asking to meet you even if it's only for a few minutes.
Now, Sissy, I know that lately your fans have been becoming more and more annoying and you have little enough patients for meeting them.
But I think you'll find that Uiharu is different.
She's a reasonable, polite girl.
Besides which, she's one of the few people I actually consider my friend.
So, really, I'm asking you to do it for me.
And since I know how busy you are, I've taken the liberty of arranging an orderly schedule for the day.
I'm pretty sure you'll find it to your liking.

Hey!

Misaka: Let's see what we have here.
Date plan with Sissy using Uiharu as a ruse.
Part 1: Foster friendship at a family restaurant.
Part 2: Lingerie shopping (purchase big moe underwear)
Part 3: Shopping at a perfume store (purchase aphrodisiac)
Ditch Uiharu, and go to an upscale but discreet hotel with Sissy.
In other words, you're just using this reasonable, polite girl you call your friend, in order to fulfill your own perverted desires, is that right?

Kuroko: Well, you see, not really.

Misaka: I thought you were trying to make my life less stressful!

Kuroko: You got it all wrong, Sissy! I swear! It wasn't like that!

Misaka: Even so, you say she's a friend of yours, Kuroko, so what choice is there.

Kuroko: Oh, my... Sissy! Sissy, sweet Sissy!
At last you reveal how deeply you care about my happiness!
I could die! I could die right now from hearing that!

Waitress: Excuse me, Miss. I'm terribly sorry but you're beginning to frighten the other customers.

Kuroko: Now that that's out of the way, it's time to get to the introductions.
This is Kazari Uiharu from Judgement. She's a first-year in Sakugawa middle school.

Uiharu: Oh, pleased to meet you. I mean, it's really an honor.

Kuroko: And this is...

Saten: Hi, there. My name is Ruiko Saten, a classmate of Uiharu's.
She decided to drag me along with her, so here I am.
And by the way, my power rating is Level 0. So there.

Uiharu: Saten! Why would you say that?!

Misaka: Well, hello, Uiharu, Saten.
I'm another friend of Kuroko's. Misaka.

Saten: Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you.

Uiharu: Yes, yes. Such a pleasure.

Kuroko: Okay. The introductions have been completed without incident.
The time table has been thrown off somewhat but I've made a schedule for today that I think should work for every-

Misaka: Okay. Well, standing around here isn't very much fun, is it?
I have an idea. Let's go to the arcade.

Saten: Go to the arcade?

Uiharu: What do you think?

Misaka: Come on, Kuroko. Let's go.

Kuroko: I think it's beneath you, Sissy. I guess playing games in arcade and browsing magazines is fun enough but shouldn't you have some more dignified hobbies?
You could try arranging flowers maybe or playing the harp.

Misaka: Please. Why should I waste my time stuffing flowers in a vase or learning an instrument no one knows how to play?

Uiharu: You know something? She doesn't act like some arrogant celebrity.

Saten: Yeah. And she doesn't look down her nose at us though, either.

What's on the flyer?

Uiharu: It looks like there's new crepe stand opening.
And the first 100 customers get a Gekota figurine as a free gift.

Saten: Now that's one cheesy looking character.
I mean, who would go for something like that these days.
Oh, sorry.

Is there something wrong?

Kuroko: What's the holdup, Sissy? Something's the matter?
Oh, I see. You're interested in the new crepe stand, aren't you?
Or something else.
Is it the free giveaway they're offering that caught your eyes?

Misaka: No! I don't know what you're talking about.
Why would I care about this Gekota guy?!
I mean, he's just a frog, a stupid amphibian.
What kind of girl'd be interested in some dumb thing like that?

Wow... There are so many people.

What's with all the kids running around?

Remember our break will only be one hour long. Everybody, please stay close if you don't wanna miss the bus.

It's some kind of tour. We must have bad timing.

I'll go see if I can find a free bench to save for us.

Oh, then why don't I go with you?

Saten, we're finding a place to sit. Will you get something for us?

Don't worry, we'll pay you back for it later. Thanks a lot.

Wait!

Huh? What's wrong?

Nothing. Would you like to switch places with me?

No. It doesn't matter to me who goes first.
We're just here for crepes. So as long as I get one I'm fine.

All right! I got a Gekota!

So did I! So did I!

Thank you for waiting. Here's a free gift.
You're lucky. It's the last one we have.

Great. Thank you. Oh, hold on, "the last" you said?
Umm, Misaka... It's all yours if you like it.

Are you sure? You really mean it?

Yeah. No problem.

Thank you so much.

You're welcome.

Come on, Sissy, just try one bite. You know you want to.

I said I don't want any! Who chooses anchovies as a topping anyway?!

Open wide and say ahhh.

Just leave me alone, already!

She's nice, isn't she?
Misaka, I mean. Not at all what you'd expect from somebody who's so well-known.
She's not stuck-up at all, just approachable and friendly.

Are you sure about that?

Here.

Oh, what?

Would you like to taste it? Go on. Try some as a thank-you for before.

Absolutely not! I won't stand for this, Sissy, I'm right here, yet you offer somebody else what is rightfully mine!

I'm not sure I can keep up with your friends. They're so energetic.

It's nothing. I was just noticing that bank over there.
Why would the security shutters be down in the middle of the day?

What was that crash?

Uiharu, I want you to contact Antiskill and request some officers to our location right away.

Yeah, I'm on it.

Wait up, Kuroko!

No, you don't. Stay right where you are.
Like I've told you a million times, public safety is the concern of those of us in Judgement.
Please do me a favor and just behave yourself this time.

Yes, that's correct. There's a bank robbery in progress across from the public square on the edge of district 7. Requesting Antiskill.

Come on, you idiots!

We've got to move it...

Stop right there!
I am a Judgement officer!
And I'm placing you under arrest for destruction of property and bank robbery!

Look who's this kid think she is!

Judgement must be short-stuffed!

Hey, little lady. You should find somewhere else to play or you could end up getting hurt-

Is that the most intimidating line you can come up with?
You're not much of a professional, are you?

Damn brat!

She's amazing!

That's Kuroko for you.

Please stay here. It's not safe to leave the square right now!

Let go!

What's wrong here?

Misaka!

We're missing one of the boys who was on the tour.
He said he left something on the bus and then he went to look for it.

All right. Uiharu and I will see what we can-

I'm gonna help too.

All right, then. Let's split up and look for him.

It's too late for backdown now, girlie.

A pyrokineticist? All right.

Hey, don't run away from me!

Run away?

She's gone!

Who says I'm running?

What? She's a teleporter?

You should probably stop resisting me.
Or I'll take drastic measures. Like teleporting this directly into your body, for example.

Find anything?

No. Nothing.

Where in the world does that kid disappear to?

What do we have here? Perfect. You're coming with me.

What are you doing, mister? Who are you?

Never mind. Just move it. Hurry up!

I have to stop him.

Maybe we should have another look around the square.

Hey! What do you want? Go away!

Let go!

Damn it!

He hurt Saten!

Kuroko!
From here on out, this fight is a personal one for me.
I hate to do this. But it's too late. I'm gonna have to get involved now.

Crap, I just remembered. They say there's a scary girl in Judgement.
She's a teleporter who will beat you up inside and out until you wish you'd never been born.

I don't know what you're talking about.

Damn it! I'm not gonna turn tail and run.

What's even worse, apparently this teleporter has given herself heart and soul to a powerful electro master.

Go ahead. I'm happy to take you out too.

That's right. That girl over there is one of the most powerful of the 23 million people in this city.
Out of the seven Level 5s, she's ranked third.
Railgun, Mikoto Misaka, my Sissy.
The pride and joy of Tokiwadai middle school.
The ultimate unstoppable shock princess.

Wow...

That was incredible...

There were zero injuries among the general population.

Please, keep walking forward in an orderly fashion.

Your pyrotechnic abilities were not all that bad, you know.
Unless I miss my guess, you'd be right around Level 3.
You probably got caught up in the excitement of your powers and went down the wrong path.
Take a good look at yourself in the consequences of your actions.
And maybe you can make a fresh start.

You were great. Thank you so much.

No, really. It's nothing.

I don't know how I can ever repay you. Thank the nice lady.

Thank you for helping me, nice lady.

You handled that situation pretty well, Saten.

Really?

Yeah, I think it was downright heroic of you.

You too, Misaka.

There you are! Sissy!

Kuroko, let go of me!

There you are, Saten. Look at your face. Are you hurt badly?

Oh, no. I'm okay. Really.

It looks bad. Are you sure?

Misaka's so brave. She was the real hero today.

That's it! I've had enough!



My idol Misaka was great today.

She sure was.

Saten, stop it. What are you pouring water on my head for?

We don't want your flowers to wither.

You need to be ready for next time.
  