
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 

Who's back there?
I am Mitsuko Kongo of Tokiwadai Middle School.
Knowing that, will you still dare to attack me?




I'm so excited.
We're going to the Garden of Learning!

I don't know why they gave it such a fancy name.
It's just the area of town where there's a cluster of girls' schools, you know.

They aren't just any ordinary schools. The ones in the Garden of Learning are special!
They are all well-known girls' schools.
Tokiwadai Middle School's only one of them.

Yeah. Sure. Whatever.

We're only allowed in here today because Shirai was kind enough to invite us.
If she hadn't, a student as lowly and common as I am would have no business visiting such an exalted place as this.

Could you please stop groveling?

You're starting to sound like a brown-noser.

Oh, hey! What is this?
Oh, I see now. You've got a page highlighted in here.
Is this a bakery you wanna try out while we are visiting, Saten?

Well, of course, it's the Pasticceria Manicagni!
Just read what it says. The cheese cake is a work of art, made from an authentic Italian recipe and using only the finest ingredients.
I've always wanted to try a piece but the Garden of Learning is the only place in the whole country where they have it.

You are more of a sucker for advertising than I thought, Saten.

Next stop, the entrance to the Garden of Learning.
Repeat, entrance to the Garden of Learning.

Uh-oh.
The bus got us here ahead of schedule, huh?

It shouldn't be a problem.
Three, two and one.

Wow. I've never seen weather forecast as accurate as the ones they have in this city.

The word "forecast" is so vague.
It's more accurate to say that they're reading the future events established by precise calculations.

It kinda gets boring, though.
It would be more exciting if they would slip up every once in a while.

Enough of that. Let's get moving!
We have invitations from Kuroko Shirai, first-year at Tokiwadai Middle School.
I'm Kazari Uiharu...

...and I'm Ruiko Saten.

Very good. Go on ahead.

This is such a charming area, isn't it?

Everything looks different from the rest of the world down to the crosswalks and traffic signals.
Pretty impressive, huh?

It really does feel like we're tourists visiting a foreign country.

Yeah, it does!

You know, it kinda seems like we're attracting a lot of attention.

Huh. Yeah, you're right. I bet it's our outfits. I'm sure it's unusual for them to see students who aren't from this area.

Yeah, that makes sense.

Oops, look at the time.

Oh, yeah, you're right.

Come on, we should hurry.

It looks like they're running late, huh?
This is where we were supposed to meet them, right?

Yeah, it is. They said that they wanted to see our school so it'd make sense for them to meet us by the entrance.
How inconsiderate of them keeping my Sissy waiting like this.

Oh, here they come now.

What happened to you?

Well, you see...

I sort of slipped in a puddle.

You ask for a quick change of cloths. I'm afraid this school uniform is the only thing I have to offer.

No. This will be fine.

Does the size work for you?

Oh, yeah, it fits perfectly.
Though the skirt's a bit short so it's a little breezy.

It's not fair you get to wear that.

Huh?

I know! We should trade outfits. What do you say? I think it's a great idea!

Yours are too small for me to wear.

Then I'll go find a puddle to slip in!

Let it go already.

It will only be for a little while.

Give it up, Uiharu!

No... Please!

I sent your dirty uniform off to the cleaners.
Stop by there on your way home.

And if that doesn't work we can always have it sent to your dorm for you. It's no trouble.

Wow. That's what I'd call service.

Do you have maids at your school too?
I bet you do. I bet they come everyday!

Oh, calm down!

Maybe I want that strawberry crostata. It looks good.
No, wait! That Monte Bianco over there looks awfully delicious too!
Oh, but how can I pass up that cioccolata?!

Is it really that difficult of a decision to make?

Oh, not for me. I've already decided on the cheese cake for sure.

Uiharu, the sun will be going down soon.

I'm sorry! Just one more minute, okay?
Hold on!
Yes. Huh? Uh, okay. Yes, I understand.

Is Judgement calling us in?

They sure are.

Go figure. Their timing couldn't be any worse if they tried, huh?

We'll get yours wrapped up for takeout, Uiharu.

Thanks, I appreciate it.

We should probably hurry.

Yeah.

Always on the move, huh?
Well, I guess it's just us.

Just a sec. I need to use the lady's room real quick.

Honestly, why are they calling us in on our day off?
It's a Saturday.

Hey!

Aww.

No complaining. You can do that on your own time.

Yes, of course. Sorry, Komori.

So, are you going to tell us why you've called us in?

It began yesterday and continued overnight.
Six students, all from Tokiwadai. They've been assaulted in a string of related attacks.
What's more, it's all been happening in the Garden of Learning.
There's no one lower than a Level 3 esper enrolled in Tokiwadai Middle School.
But these students are being targeted and easily bested which leads me to believe...

...that the perpetrator must be a formidable esper.

That is likely the case. However, we don't know their ability.
Every victim was knocked unconscious using a stun gun.

And then?
What happened to the victims once they were knocked out?

I can show you the photographs.
It's not pretty.
I suggest you prepare yourselves before looking at them.

The tea is starting to get cold.

I've prepared for this sort of things since I first applied to be a Judgement officer.

The same goes for me.

Right.
In that case...

Hey, what's taking so long?
What happened?
Saten, wake up!



Targeting our school?
Oh, yeah. She was wearing our uniform.

How is she doing? Is she all right?

Well, physically, it's nothing too serious.
She should be fine after she lies down for a bit.
It's just...
Have you zeroed in on any suspects yet?

No. Not yet.
See, their particular ability is making a tricky for us.

Tricky in what way?

The attacker was invisible.

Huh?

I'm telling you it's true.
I didn't see anything when it happened.

Yes, but, here... Take a look.
This is the image from the surveillance camera.

I don't care! For the last time I didn't see a single thing!

So, the victims didn't see their attacker at all.

Naturally, our first idea was that it was an esper who could perform optical manipulation.

We made a list of 47 espers.
They all have the ability to make themselves disappear completely.
However, every last person on the list has an alibi.

Well, whoever it was showed up on the surveillance cameras, didn't they?
Maybe it's something different than optical manipulation.

That could be the case.

Oh, a dove.

Eh?

Shirai, didn't you see it just now?

No, sorry, I didn't notice anything.

You didn't notice anything.
Uiharu, there's something I'd like you to try.

Here it is. The ability's name is Dummy Check.
It's the power to impair the awareness that a person is looking at a particular subject.
Apparently, only one person has it.
Miho Jufuku, a second-year at Sekichu Middle School.

That's our attacker!

I don't think that's possible, though. She's only a Level 2.
She's not strong enough. According to her test result, she doesn't have the power to completely conceal herself.

Man, I really thought we were on the right track too.

What happened?

She's awake!

You should take it easy.

Wh-Wha-Wh...

Come on, now. Just get a hold of yourself.

I understand this has to be a shock.

If your bangs were a little longer like this girl's are, you would at least be able to hide it.

Who has long bangs?
Hey, it was her!

Huh?

You mean you saw the person who did this to you?

That's right. When it happened, I saw this girl in the mirror.

First, surveillance cameras, now, mirrors.
So that's how it is then. I think I get it.
She can make people unaware of her presence but only if they're looking right at her with their naked eye.

That girl made me look like a freak and now she's gonna pay for it. Big time!
Let's do it, Uiharu!

Do what?

You've got some skills with that thing.

Yeah, well, I have to do it like this, or else the terminals won't be able to keep up with the processing.
Anyway, the Garden of Learning doesn't fall under the 177th Branch's jurisdiction, Kuroko.
Are you sure this is okay?

Our superior has just given us the go-ahead.

Now you're talking, Uiharu, let's get the show on the road!

I'm on it. And go.
There you have it, girls. We are now connected to all 2058 surveillance cameras in the Garden of Learning.

I'll find you now, creepy chick with the long bangs. Just you wait. You're gonna get what's coming to you soon.

I still haven't forgetten that cake you promised me earlier.

Do this and I'll get you a dozen of them if you want.

Yeah!

That's gonna be too many.

Oh, you think so?

Really? 'cause I don't see any harm in it.

We're not talking about a cake anymore, you two.

Uiharu, go ahead and exclude areas E through H as well as J and N.

Okay.

Those are the areas the farthest distance away from Tokiwadai.
Since they're so far, students from our school rarely have reason to go there.

I think we can go ahead and exclude high-traffic areas too.

Why do you say that?

The suspect's uniform. Don't you think it would stand out a bit in the Garden of Learning?

Yeah, would.

I think she uses her ability whenever people are around even when she's not attacking?

Probably. Even so, she can't possibly maintain it 24 hours a day.

Then she'll have to find some place out of the way so she'll be able to catch her breath.

Exactly.

Then if that is the case, then...

You should put that away.
You were the one who gave me these ridiculous eyebrows. I fully intent to pay you back with interest.
She really disappeared!

This is no time to be impressed. Go after her, Saten!

All right. I'm on my way.

Aw!

What just happened?

Something bumped into me but I don't what it was.

Coming through!

Be careful!

Here we go.
As you can see, I'm with Judgement.
I'm taking you into custody. Come quietly or...
Yep. She was never going to come quietly.
Uiharu. Could I get some directions, please?
Working on it.
Go out to the street, turn left, then go up to third avenue.

Copy that. Thanks a lot.

Sure.

How? How? How?!

This game has been fun.
But it's all over now.

Impossible. Why isn't my Dummy Check working anymore?

Who can say?

This is why I hate all you brats from Tokiwadai.

Nice try. But, you see, stun guns don't really have any effect on me.

Uh, umm...

And that was actually holding back.

Uiharu. Please contact the Antiskill and inform them that we have successfully apprehended the susupect.

Right.

Good work today.

One last thing to do.
So, what'll it be? What kind of eyebrows should I give her...

No!

Oh, dear.

Funny looking, right?

Oh, well, uh...

Go ahead and laugh. Laugh as loud as you can, just like he did...

Just like who?

It was spring. I was dozing off in a glorious mid-day sunshine.
In my Naïveté, I believed that this time of peace and comfort would last forever.
But then... Spring came to an end. It was so sudden.
Tell me why. Are the girls from Tokiwadai really so special?

That's not exactly the reason.

Then what is it?

Well, your eyebrows are just so weird.

I hated this boy who cast me aside.
And I hated the dumb girl from Tokiwadai who took him away from me!
But more than anything else...
I hated the funny eyebrows that ruined my life!
And that's why I decided I would give everybody funny eyebrows like mine!

What?

Yeah, sorry, you lost me about halfway through there.

What's the matter?
Just go ahead! Laugh at me. You know you want to.
Umm, I, uh, I don't think they're weird.
Not weird. They're just, umm... Yeah, they give your face character! That's what it is.
Personally, I really like them.

Now, that's taking it too far.

I, uh, is it okay if I send you a letter sometime?

That's fine.

Impressive. She really could make herself disappear completely.

Now that you mention it, wasn't she listed as a Level 2 esper?
That is odd.

I wonder. Could the info on the database be incorrect?

No. Of course, not.

What is going on here?

Well, the other victims too, huh? Yes, I see.

Here's the thing. It's a special ink developed by university in the 10th school district.
They say there's no way it's coming off sooner than a week.

What now, Saten? Do you want me to get that cute hat ready for you again?

That jerk! Stupid eyebrow girl! I knew I should've drawn something on her!

Calm down, Saten. Get a hold of yourself!

What am I gonna do?!



Hey, Uiharu. Have you heard of the sandal-hag?

The sandal-hag?

They say she is this ugly old woman with sandals who chases after you.

Yikes!

And she's butt naked.

That's just gross.
  