
 ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; 

You're not getting away now.

Hey, hold on. Just a second. I'm only...

You might as well give up!

Hey, Misaka.

Oh, Uiharu, Saten. Hi, guys.

What's up? Did something just happen?

We heard a loud noise from this direction.

No. It was nothing.



Today is a very important day. It's me and Sissy's anniversary.
It happened exactly one month ago. Fate bound us together as roommates.
I ordered something special. Unfortunately, it hasn't arrived yet.
But I still have one thing to offer, me.
A heartfelt anniversary present. Gift-wrapped in nothing other than my first day suit!

Kuroko. What?

Sissy, you're home at last!

We're here.

Also.

I can't believe I'm in her room. This is too amazing!

It's so stylish. Talk about chic.
Come and feel this. This bed's so soft and fluffy.

It's very comfortable.

Seriously, opening the door like that, what were you thinking?

I didn't expect company.
Why did you bring Uiharu and Saten along?

I happened to run into them out on the street.
They tagged along with me while I did some shopping.
Then they said they wanted to see my dorm so here we are.

Shopping?

Huh? Umm, just for a little.

Hmm.

It's official. The girl's dorms at Tokiwadai are amazing.
I'm green with envy.

And don't forget the dining room. It was absolutely gigantic!

It's not all that wonderful.

Sissy, why did you choose today of all days?!
My perfect anniversary plans were ruined!
Oh, but what if...

I wanted you to witness this special day.
Exactly one month ago, fate bound Kuroko and me together as roommates.
We may be two people but we share a single heart.
And so, Uiharu, Saten, I truly hope we have your blessing on our anniversary.
Here's looking at you, kid. Shall we drink?

Umm, excuse me, Shirai, but are you all right?

Oh, yes, I'm very well. Thank you.
I'm afraid we don't have much to offer by way of hospitality but, please make yourselves.

Hey, Saten, what are you doing down there?

Well, when you visit a friend's home, it's natural to do some good-natured snooping, don't you think?
Hot stuff!

Stop that, Saten! You can't just go through other people's things!

Just what I'd expect from you, Misaka.

Well, as a matter of fact...

Those actually belong to me.

Those are your panties, Shirai?

These make a very bold statement.
I would hardly consider those to be bold. They are a simple necessity.
Every lady should have a pair of black panties.

Ah, well, what about this pair, then?

Those really rev the spirit. I wear them when I need some cheering up.

And what about this barely there thong?

Handy for avoiding lines when one's cloths fit very tightly.

And this black mesh full body stocking type thing?

That's absolutely essential. It brings out the supple feeling that hides in the heart of every woman.

Couldn't you have at least given me a little warning?!

Sorry, I was feeling overwhelmed.

I needed something to calm me down a little.
And seeing your ordinary striped panties helps me to relax.

I don't see what the big deal is. It's all just underwear.
And there are other kinds that you haven't even gotten into yet.
A pearl-white babydoll with an open bra and feminine frills.
A laced teddy with sexy garter belts.
And also these!

That's good to know. At least she wears regular underwear too.

It's very comforting. I was beginning to think I didn't know her.

Sorry. These are actually mine...

Ask of you, Kuroko! Explain yourself! What is my underwear doing under your bed, huh?!

You got it all wrong, Sissy!

Oh, you know what would be awesome, Misaka?

I'd love to see some old photo albums if you have any.

Great idea! So would I.

Maybe some pictures from when you and Shirai were in grade school.

That would be so interesting to see.

Wow! How adorable!

Is that from your first day of elementary school?

That pretty woman next to you, is she your mother?

Uh, yeah.

What a cute kimono!

Oh, you're such a darling little kid.
You know, I'm a little surprised.

About what?

It's just you're this powerful Level 5, Misaka, the Ace of Tokiwadai, an electromaster.
I guess I kinda expected you to be one of those kids who get taken away while they're really young and immediately fast track for success.

It wasn't like that at all.
I wasn't always like this. I started out as a Level 1.
I was just an ordinary girl.

Wow...

Cool! Let's look at Shirai's photos next.

I'd be glad to show you them, at least I would be if I had something to show.
Unfortunately, I don't have any photo albums for your viewing pleasure.
I am a girl who believes in seizing the day.
I don't like to dwell in the past nor do I worry about the future.
No, not me. I stay in the present and savor each moment. That's the philosophy I live my life by.

What about this?

No! You can't look at that!

Kuroko, you!
It's a good thing you like to live in a present moment so much because right now I'm thinking you're not going to have a very enjoyable future.

No, you got it all wrong.
Don't you understand I only made it because you mean so much to me?
Do you not even remember what an important day it is today, Sissy?
And here I thought you brought Uiharu and Saten so they could celebrate with us.

What? Celebrating with Uiharu and Saten?
Oh, I see what you're saying.

Then, you do remember what today is, Sissy?

Of course, how silly of me! Today is the one week anniversary of the day you introduced me to Saten and Uiharu.

It's unbelievable. The last 7 days have gone by so quickly.

It seems really crazy that it's only been a week.
It feels like we've known each other so much longer than that. Don't you guys agree?

I'm really glad I met you two, though.

Why does she treat me so much differently from those other two?
I'm starting to feel like I'm a third wheel here.

We've already been through a lot together.

That's what friends are for, right?

Like this little bean.
It's been cast aside and neglected by its fellow beans and now desperate sad solitary legume.

You know, this is better than I expected.

Yeah?

That's the liquid sandwich.

Anyway, like I was saying.

Uiharu.

Please, Saten, don't finish that thought!

You guys are hysterical!

Pipe down, will you! What's with all that slurping?!

Red beans have feelings too, you know.

Huh?

Can't you see how I might be feeling a little abandoned here?

Well, ah...

One week since you met them? Don't make laugh. One week is nothing.
One month, that's how long it's been for us, Sissy.
Today is the one month anniversary of when fate decreed that we would be bound together.
One whole month, Sissy. Exactly one month ago, by some random chance, you and I became roommates.
Since then, we've eaten together and slept together, shared each other's joys and sorrows...
All right here, in this very room!
But you... you don't remember, do you.

She seems upset.

It does seem serious. Maybe we should go and leave them to talk.

Kuroko, stop that.

What is it, Sissy?

You know full well that you manipulated your way in here.
It wasn't fate or random chance or anything of the sort.
And now you talk about joys and sorrows and...

You know, I think I just remembered something urgent that I need to attend to...

How dare you make this all sound like some kinda fairy tale?!

xxx

And then return, I'm going to alter your face for you!

Maybe I see things different than you.
It's not like I'm asking very much.
I just wanted to celebrate today with you in one small way, Sissy.

Yes?

I have a delivery. It's addressed to Miss Kuroko Shirai. Is this room 208?

Yes. Can you tell me what the delivery is?

It just says "computer parts."

I shouldn't have been so worried. These people know their business well enough to be discreet.

What's the name of the sender?

Uh, Love and Herbs Premier Aphrodisiacs, Ltd.

Where to throw discretion right out of the window!

Kuroko, why does this small celebration you have planned involve the use of aphrodisiacs?

Well...

I've been too lenient. It looks like you're going to need some harsher punishment before you learn to behave yourself.
Now I'm going to fry you so your appearance matches your name!

Did you forget that I can just teleport away from you wherever I want to?
If this is how you truly feel, you'll leave me no choice.
You will not return the love I freely offer so I'll make sure nobody else can have your love either.
Is something wrong, Sissy?

Dormitory rules, part 9: The use of esper abilities inside the dormitory is strictly prohibited.
Surely you haven't forgotten that, Shirai.

Good afternoon, head resident. Might I say you look quite stunning today.
Naturally, we haven't forgotten the rules. We weren't just casually using our powers.
I assure you we had a good reason. Yes, a very good reason...

Is that so? There were unavoidable circumstances, were there?

Yes, that's it, exactly. You see...

Too bad.

Kuroko!

If I made allowances for every so-called emergency situation, the dorm would fall into other chaos.
Rule breakers must be punished without exception.
That's how order is maintained, don't you think?

Ye-Yes...



Give me a break.
Why should I be stuck doing this too?
So I got a little carried away. It was no big deal.
This punishment is unreasonable.
Making me clean this whole pool by hand?
That's cruel and unusual by anyone's standards.
We started in the morning and it's already past noon now.
How is it we're not even a third of the way done with this yet?!
I don't think we're going to finish it all today.

I totally lucked out. Here with Sissy at the pool spending quality time alone together.
Working up a good sweat.
This is the perfect opportunity to get some payback for yesterday's humiliation.
You know, Sissy.

Huh?

When working under a hot sun rehydration is essential to one's health, don't you think?
Would you like some of this specially formulated beverage?

Thanks, I'll pass.

Why not? Aren't you thirsty?

Well, tell me this. Those computer parts that you ordered, they didn't happen to find their way into that drink, did they?
That's what I thought.

Shirai.
Yep, that's Shirai. All right.

We thought that it was you. But what are you doing down there?

What is it look like I'm doing? I'm scrubbing out the pool.

We see that, but why?

Because we live in a cold cold world even during the summer.
What are you two doing here?

We're members of the swim club, so it's our job...

They must be Kuroko's classmates and that means...
They're actually younger than me.

Hey, Sissy.

I want you to meet some classmates of mine.
That's Kinuho Wannai on the right and the other's Maaya Awatsuki.

Hey, nice to meet you.

And this august personage...

Excuse me, I think I recognize you. Are you Misaka?

Huh? Oh, yeah, that's me.

I knew it!
Do you remember me at all?
You came to my rescue a while back.
Some guys were giving me trouble and you dealt with them like they were nothing.
It was amazing!

Did I do that? It must have slipped my mind.

Anyway, ever since then, I've really wanted to say thank you.

I've heard a lot stories about you.
It's an honor to meet you in person.

That sounds like my Sissy, all right. She goes around dealing with thugs like that no matter how many times I tell her not to.

No doubt. When it starts to get hot the weirdoes come out of the woodwork.

It sounds like you were incredible.

Absolutely. You were so cool and collected the whole time.

No, no, no. It wasn't a big deal.

Wait a sec.

You guys are hysterical.

Déjà vu! No, it's just my imagination.
The incident yesterday is making me paranoid.
I'm not the odd man out here. That would be crazy, right?

Hot as it is, it must be tough working out here.
I just have a sports drink in my bag if you'd like some.
Here. You need it more than me.

I'd love some.
That's so nice of you.

Why is she excluding me like this?
Could it be?
Now that I think about it, this isn't the first time she's ignored me lately.
I've tried over and over again to deepen our friendship but she keeps tossing me aside.
It's entirely possible that Sissy has been deliberately giving me the cold shoulder.
Suck it up, Kuroko.
You've lost your confidence and you need to get it back.
Forget your anxiety and play to your strengths.
That's it. I'm a teleporter after all. There are any number of ways I can prove my worth to Sissy.
I just have to find a right one.

Wow, incredible! It's washing away all the grime!

My ability is manipulating water currents so it's a piece of cake.
We need to finish up our inspection right now but after I've taken care of that, I would love to come back down here and help you out if you wouldn't mind the company.

Huh? I don't know.

It's the least I can do to repay you for saving me from those guys.

Well, in that case, how could a girl say no?

Excellent! I'm so glad you agreed.

It's amazing! We'll be done in no time at this rate. Thank you so much.

Okay, then. I'll see you in a bit.

I'll leave the sports drink here too so you can stay hydrated. Have as much as you want.

Wow. Those friends of yours are really nice, Kuroko.

One could say so.

I'm glad they came along. This will take ten minutes doing in her way.

One could say so.

When we're done, I wanna get some ice cream.

One could say so.

I've got a rip in one of my school uniforms. What do you think I should do about it?

One could say "sew."

Is there something wrong? You seem down or something.

I'm fine. Pay no attention to me.
Don't trouble yourself on my account. I'm a useless teleporter who can't even clean pool.

Umm, Kuroko... If there's something that you need to get off your chest then...

Thanks, but, no thanks!
It's my own fault for not being worthy of your affection, Sissy.
I know I'm no help at all.
I just annoy you all the time.
I see why you've been acting this way. Someone like me could never hope to deserve somebody as amazing as you.

Great. What do I do? I don't know how to handle sudden breakdowns like this.

I'm curious. I wonder if Misaka's given it to her.

I don't know. But I sure wish we could be there when she does.

It seems only fair since we were there when she bought it.

I'm interested to find out how Shirai will react.
I mean, giving her taste in underwear and all.

Yeah, that was crazy, huh.
I never would've expected she'd own that daring lingerie.
But you know, it's the thought that counts ultimately.

Yeah, that's true.

So, Kuroko. Do you remember what happened exactly a month ago today?

A month ago? Today?

That's right.
Don't you remember? The night that you broke into my room.
The head resident caught you and you got a good scolding.
Then, the next day, they made the two of us clean the whole dining hall.
And one thing led to another and here we are. Still together a month later.
So, if we are going to have an anniversary, then it would be today, wouldn't it?

M-May I open it now?

Yeah, of course.
I plan to be friends for a long time so don't quit on me now.

Do you mean it, Sissy, a long time, like forever and never maybe?

Well, of course, I mean it.
We go to the same school and we live in the same room.
We couldn't split up even if we tried.
After all, we're partners, right?
Here.
Here's to being partners. Shall we drink?

Here's to being forever bound together by fate.

Here's to remaining roommates and good friends.
All right, then. What do you say we get back to work?

Right. Back to work.
You know something, Sissy?
I think it would be better to wear swimsuit while you clean the pool.
That way it wouldn't matter if you got wet, you know.

Yeah.
But it would be too much of a pain to go back and get it.

Actually, I thought something like this might happen.
Ta-da. I brought your school swimsuit with me in case of just such an emergency.

The last time I checked, that swimsuit was in my locker!

You should know locks don't mean very much to somebody who has my particular abilities.
Now, why don't you go ahead and put it on, Sissy?

Hey?! (Panties?!)

How sad. I don't think I've seen such childish underwear before.

That's enough! Give them back!

Like I said, put on your swimsu- Wait a sec. Oh my goodness!
This is a bunny! And this is a bunny too!
We match. Me and Sissy match.

Kuroko!

It sounds so lively. What's going on?

Misaka, we're all finished up with our inspections so we came back to help out like we promised.

Oh, yes! Hit me again with your electrified whip of love!

Give them back! Give them back now!

I can't do that!

I'm dead serious!

If I give them back, you'll stop.

Stop saying that!

Let's pretend we didn't see anything.

Yeah, that's a good idea.

I'll never get disheartened again.
Nothing can take her from me.
We'll be together forever.



He loves me, he loves me not. He loves me, he loves me not.

Umm, excuse me. Please stop doing that, Saten.

That's not what the flowers on my head are intended for.
  