
  --------- NPA TASK FORCE HQ ---------

TV News： It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of one of our very own colleagues.
The police have identified one of the bodies found at the scene as NHN’s Miss Kiyomi Takada.
A 2-ton truck and a motorcycle were also found in the ruins of the burnt-out church.
Investigators suspect gasoline was used to start the fire.


MAN on TV： All what I really wanna know is who’s gonna be Kira’s next spokesperson.
Kira’s message still needs to be spread and someone’s gotta do it.

WOMAN on TV： The death of newscaster Takada was a horrible tragedy, but I can’t help but think that if she was that careless.
She couldn’t have taken her position as Kira’s spokesperson that seriously.

MAN on TV： It needs to be said this is not a woman’s job.
Kira, please make me your new representative.

MAN on TV： No, give the order to Sakura TV again!


IDE： Disgusting!

MATSUDA： Yeah, I know.
I mean they just announce her death and already it’s started.
Every TV station [is] airing its own segment on who should replace her.
It’s like she never existed.


( LIGHT： Last night’s judgments [unfold] just as planned.
That means Takada and Mikami have had no problems contacting each other.
There is nothing to worry about. )


- bleep –

IDE： It’s Near.


NEAR： Hello, L.

LIGHT： Yes.

NEAR： I don’t mean to keep bothering you, but, with regard to our meeting …, I wanted to confirm that we are still set for the 28th at 1 pm.
All right?

LIGHT： Yes.


( LIGHT： It’s just as I predicted.
He’s sticking with the original time.
There is no doubt about it. )


NEAR： Very well.
The 28th, the day after tomorrow.

LIGHT： Right.

- disconnect –


MATSUDA： So, the day after tomorrow, huh?
Finally!
Isn’t it getting exciting?!

IDE： Yeah, I can’t help but wonder what Near wants to show us!


( AIZAWA： Matsuda, Ide, when the day comes, there is a good chance we might all be killed.
Don’t you understand that?! )


--------- ＳＰＫ HQ ---------

NEAR： Gevanni.

GEVANNI： Yes.

NEAR： Will you be able to make it in time?

GEVANNI： Yes.
I’ll be there for sure.


NEAR： Commander Rester, Lidner, Gevanni, let’s put our best into this, shall we?


--------- NPA TASK FORCE HQ ---------

NEAR： Good morning, everyone.

MATSUDA： Eh, good morning.

NEAR： First of all, in regard to Misa Amane, we’ve already set her free.
You may call her to confirm it.


MISA： I don’t know what’s going on, but this must be some sort of compensation or something.
They totally put me up in the penthouse suite of Teito Hotel!
Can you believe it?!
Now, this is more like it!!

LIGHT： I understand.
All right, Misa, please stay there for a little while longer until I call you.

MISA： Okay!


LIGHT： All right, Near, I need you to connect me with Mogi.
We have the notebook locked away here, and in order to open the safe it’s kept in, we’ll need the pin number from each member of the team.

NEAR： Understood.
I’ll connect you to him immediately.


MOGI： This is Mogi.
The number is 62-324.


( AIZAWA： All that’s left is my number. )


( AIZAWA： The killer notebook.
“How to use it.”
“The human whose name is written in this notebook shall die.”
“This note will not take effect unless the writer has the person’s face in their mind when writing his or her name.”
“Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected.”
“If a cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person’s name, it will happen.”
“If the cause of death is not specified, the person will simply die of a heart attack.”
“After writing the cause of death, details of the death should be written in the next 6 minutes and 40 seconds.” )


AIZAWA： Near, it’s me.
We’ve discussed it and it’s been decided that I’ll be the one to carry the notebook.

NEAR： L, are you sure it’s all right with you Mr. Aizawa carries it?
Be honest.

LIGHT： Of course.
I chose Aizawa for the job because we knew you prefer that.
I have no problems with it.

NEAR： I appreciate it, thank you.
Well then, we’ll see you shortly.


--------- OUTSIDE ＹＢ ---------

( LIGHT： Looks like this is the end, no, more like the beginning; the perfect world of Kira.
And those who know of the notebook’s existence, all of them, will die. )


AIZAWA： There is no mistake he is inside.
I checked it out.
All right, let’s do this.


--------- INSIDE ＹＢ ---------

( LIGHT： Near, you’re far inferior to L.
You have no right to be wearing a mask of L! )


AIZAWA： It’s them.
Those four are the SPK, and the one wearing the mask is Near.

MATSUDA： Huh, hang on, am I the only one who sees something wrong?!
He can go around accusing people of being Kira.
But the fact he’s wearing a mask says he’s only trying to protect himself, not anyone else!

NEAR： It’s just a precaution.
There’s a good possibility that Kira has already seen the faces of everyone in this warehouse except for mine.
In fact, he may be writing down your names as we speak.
So, I’d like to wait for one hour, no, make it 30 minutes.
That should give us more than enough time to see if anyone is being controlled before they die.

MATSUDA： Huh, what?!
You’re gonna wait and see if we die?!

( AIZAWA： No, it’s not impossible that Light really is Kira, especially since the rest of us are of no use to him anymore. )


- silence -


( LIGHT： This is all just a front to buy some time, isn’t it?
I never thought it would be this hard to keep myself from laughing aloud.
Near must be waiting for him to come.
It’s all just as I predicted. )


MATSUDA： Near!!
It’s already been over 30 minutes!
Nothing’s happened yet!

LIGHT： Of course, not.
That’s because Kira is not here with us.

NEAR： Very well.
Everyone seems to be safe.
I’ll remove my mask now.


LIGHT： You’re quiet, Near.
What’s wrong?
Are you still waiting for something?

NEAR： “Waiting?”
That’s an excellent choice of words.
Yes, I am waiting for the arrival of the one who will solve everything once and for all.

IDE： Someone else is supposed to clear this up?

NEAR： He’ll be here soon.
It’s only a matter of time.
There is only one entrance to this bldg. and the only way to look inside is by opening that door.
That means he’ll either walk through that door, or, at the very least, open it and peep through.

MATSUDA： And just who is this person, anyway?!

NEAR： X-Kira; the one who’s currently using the notebook and killing people on Kira’s behalf.
He’s bound to come here and bring the notebook with him.
And then, he’ll see me, and write down my real name.
Or rather, he’ll write down the names of everyone here who knows about the notebook, and kill them.

EVERYONE： Huh?!

MATSUDA： What, what are you saying?!
This isn’t making any sense!
What are you trying to tell us, Near?!
That some other guy is gonna drop by with the notebook, poke his head and kill us all?!

IDE： And you want us to sit back and let it happen?!

NEAR： Yes, that’s correct.
Now, listen carefully.
If someone comes into the warehouse through that door, just let him in without resisting.
If the door opens slightly, simply act as if you don’t notice anyone there.

MATSUDA： But, but that’s just crazy!!

NEAR： He’s already here!



( MIKAMI： God!! )

MIKAMI： Delete!!
Delete, delete, delete, delete, delete, delete …!!


RESTER： Hold it!
Don’t do anything!

NEAR： Everything is fine!
You won’t die!

IDE： How can you be so sure, Near?

NEAR： Because I modified the notebook.

EVERYONE： Huh?!

NEAR： We took repossession of the notebook and replaced the pages.
The person behind the door has been doing the killings for Kira.
He’s also been using exactly one page everyday.
Based on that, I was able to replace the page he would use today as well as all subsequent pages so that no one else would die.


MIKAMI： Delete, delete, delete, delete, DELEEEEEEEEEEEEETE!!!


NEAR： On the other side of that door is X-Kira.
My guess is, in roughly 40 seconds, he’ll look inside to see if we are dead.
That’s when we restrain him and seize the notebook.
Whoever his name is not written down must be Kira.

AIZAWA： It, it’s true.
Kira would be the only one that guy wouldn’t try to kill.
But still …!

LIGHT： Hmm.


( LIGHT： I knew it!!
I knew it!!!
I KNEW IT!!!
I knew all along you would tamper with the notebook.
Near, you’ve been completely defeated.
The notebook you altered was nothing more than a forgery I had Mikami prepare.
On the other hand, the one Mikami is writing their names in is the real notebook, which had been kept hidden until now!
Ha ha ha ha ha …. )


( LIGHT： I had Mikami create a fake notebook for himself.
He also sent to Takada several pages from the real one.
So, in fact, it was Takada not Mikami who was doing the killings.
As for Mikami, I had him write names in public several times using the fake notebook.
That way, he’d been noticed by anyone who was following him.
But Takada was the one behind the deaths.
Mikami simply sent their names and faces by cell phone.
This little performance was how I made the SPK believe that the notebook Mikami used was the real one.
Mikimi’s daily behavior is so methodical it’s almost obsessive.
He always fills exactly one page with names everyday.
And Near, you noticed this little habit and thought you could use it to tamper with the notebook.
All you had to do was count ahead to the page he’d use on the day of this meeting.
Then you replaced all the pages from that day onwards.
You were confident you could prevent anyone from dying.
That was your big plan.
That’s why you couldn’t change the date and time of our meeting!
But I was one step ahead of you, Near.
I always knew you were going to try and alter the death note.
That’s why I had Mikami check the notebook everyday for signs of tampering. )


- MIKAMI： I’ve confirmed it.

- TAKADA： Huh?!


( LIGHT： I knew I’d won this game as soon as I got that message.
Mikami brought a different notebook today, the real one, which had been kept hidden up until now!
But, you know, Near, you did have a chance to win if only you’d taken it.
You were just too naive.
You are nothing compared to L.
L would have considered the possibility of a fake notebook from the very beginning and he would have tested it.
You had the chance, but you squandered it.
I’ve gotta say; I’m so disappointed in you.
This victory was no fun.
You tried too hard to win in a noble way.
Well, that’s fine.
Everyone here dies today, thanks to you.
And as for me, I, Kira, will have my perfect victory! )


LIGHT： You there, outside.
Have you finished writing down the names in the notebook?

( MIKAMI： God! )

MIKAMI： Yes, I’ve written them.


EVERYONE： Huh!!


( LIGHT： Hm ha ha ha …, no, I, I can’t laugh yet.
I’ve gotta hold it in.
They’re all gonna die, 40 seconds after he wrote down their names.
At 35 seconds, I’ll claim my victory then. )


NEAR： Don’t you think it’s rather odd?

LIGHT： Hm?

NEAR： Why would he answer you so quickly, calmly and honestly when you asked him if he had written down our names yet?

LIGHT： Who knows.
Maybe he is just honest.
Or, confident in he’ll succeed or perhaps he’s seen through your brilliant plan.

MATSUDA： Huh?!
In that case, we are in big trouble.


NEAR： Teru Mikami!
If it’s not too much trouble for you, won’t you please come in and join us?

( MIKAMI： Hm? )

NEAR： I already know that you are the one who’s been judging and executing people for Kira.
If you’ve already written down our names, then there shouldn’t be anything to be afraid of.
You can come right on in.

MIKAMI： Hm.

LIGHT： Teru Mikami, is it?
He’s correct.
There is no reason to hide from us; you can come in.

( MIKAMI： Huh! God …!! )

- Mikami enters –


( LIGHT： You’ve done well, Mikami. )


LIGHT： How many seconds has it been since you wrote down the first name?

MIKAMI： … 30 seconds.
31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39!!


LIGHT： Well Near, looks like I win.


MIKAMI： 40!!!
  