
SOUICHIRO: Light, there's another message from the second Kira.
It was sent to Sakura TV and we intercepted it..
I'm told it's a video and a journal this time.
Anyway, I figured I should tell you.

LIGHT: (reflection) A journal? What is that idiot up to now?
Why can't he just wait?
(task force)
LIGHT: He wanted this journal shown on TV?
SOUICHIRO: Yes. This is it.
LIGHT: Hmm.
2006? These entres are from last year.

L: Please take a look at the entry he made on the 30th.

LIGHT: Hmm. [Confirm the/Confirmed our] shinigami at the Tokyo dome.
This is probably supposed to mean that he plans to do this on May 30th.
If this were aired on TV, his intention would be obvious to anyone who sees it.

RYUK: Hahaha.
LIGHT: (reflection) Besides, he can't see my shinigami unless he touches my death note.
How does he plan to do that?
Huh?
(Misa's room)
MISA: Hey, Rem?
REM: Hm?

MISA: I forget. Why can't I see my own life span even though I have shinigami eyes?
Do you think you could tell me again?
REM: Humans with shinigami eyes only need to know the life span of their victims.
And just as we can see the life span of others of our kind, humans who possess the death note can not see each other's life span even with the eyes.
(task force)
LIGHT: May 22nd. "My friend and I showed off our notebooks in Aoyama."
If by notebook he's referring to our death notes, that's something that could only be understood by me.
And as for the police, they'll be distracted by the May 30th entry.
"We confirmed our shinigami at the baseball game at the Tokyo dome."
It must've been intended for them.
I'm almost positive that the real message from this diary is the one regarding Aoyama.
But if that's the case...

L:　What do you think? Is it real?

LIGHT: (reflection) I have to be careful not to say too much.
Better to wait and hear his opinion first.

LIGHT: At this point and time, all I can say for sure is he must be stupid.

MATSUDA: Yeah. I agree. I mean it's completely obvious he wants to meet Kira at the home game.

SOUICHIRO: Doesn't he understand what would happen if we aired this message?
It will create the media panic and the game would have to be cancelled.

L: To be honest, it's so stupid?
I'm not even sure how to deal with this whole situation any more.
If we make the diary public, then we are forced to make some kind of televised announcements canceling the game on the 30th.
But if we don't broadcast it, we can't be sure the second Kira won't do anything.

LIGHT: Won't canceling the game make him angry?
There's no telling what he'll do.

L: Frankly, that's not a big concern.
From what we witnessed, it's safe to say the second Kira admires the real one.
He gave his word to the Kira we invented that he'd refrain from killing aimlessly.
I'm inclined to believe that.
I say we make it public and we air an announcement canceling the game.
At the same time we'll announce that on May 30th we're going to set check points on all roads leading to the Tokyo dome.
And finally we'll send a response from our invented Kira - something like "I understand and I agreed to meet you there".

SOUICHIRO: Ryuzaki. You don'thonestlyexpect him to go thereif weset up check points around the dome, do you?

L: I don't think that Kira will even consider it, but it's possible the other one might.
It all depends on how stupid he really is.
However, assuming he's not actually an idiot we think he is, there could be another message hidden in this diary; one that is not so obvious.
If there is a message here written in some code that only people who have this Shinigami power can understand, there'll be no way for me to decipher it.
Still, it would only make sense for us to look into all the places that're mentioned in the journal. 22nd he's meeting a friend in Aoyama, 24th meeting another friend in Shibuya.
We have to be prepared for the possibility that all of our efforts would be fruitless.
Let's keep an eye out for people with notebooks in Aoyama, and people in clothing stores in Shibuya.

LIGHT: ( reflection )It's as I thought.
If this phony Kira slips up and gets apprehended, at the very least I have to obtain his notebook.
And in the worst case, I may end up having to kill everyone there.

L: All we can do is place more surveillance cameras in Aoyama and Shibuya, in the hopes that we might capture something.
We should also arrange to have undercover officers on both locations on these days.

MATSUDA: I should probably go to Aoyama and Shibuya, since i blend in with the crowd there, you know.

LIGHT: I'll go, too.

SOUICHIRO: But Light...

LIGHT: I'll be all right. Don't worry.
Aoyama and Shibuya are places I go anyway.
Not to mention, out of all of us, I'll probably look the most natural hanging out with Matsui there.
Besides, the second Kira will be there looking for Kira, not for the police.
(outside the hotel)
LIGHT: OK. We'll talk more about our trips tomorrow.

MATSUDA: Sound good, Light. See you tomorrow.
Careful getting home.

(Matsuda's phone rings)
MATSUDA: (reflection) And never fails. The second I'm out the door my phone starts ringing.

MATSUDA: Yes?
L: It's Ryuzaki.
When you two are working together, I want you to keep a closer eye on Light in the entire time.
And please keep this between you and me.
MATSUDA: Oh, sure. Yeah, I understand.
(reflection) I guess he's so prone to investigate line to the probability that he is Kira, which is zero.
(Light's home)
LIGHT: I'm home.
SACHIKO: Hello, dear. You're back quite late today.

LIGHT: Yeah.
(reflection) I'm supposed to keep the fact I'm helping the Kira investigation a secret.
Ah, it's because I was hanging out with my girlfriend.

SACHIKO: You were?

SAYU: Ahaha! What? Light, you have a girlfriend now? What's her name?

LIGHT: It's not that surprising.
I'm 18 and I'm in university now.
Of course I have a girlfriend.
You should look for a boyfriend, Sayu.

SAYU: Hm? A boyfriend? What's that supposed to mean?

SACHIKO: Light, aren't you going to have any dinner?

LIGHT: Actually I'm still full from the room service at the hotel.

SAYU: Ah, I can't believe you just said that to Mom.
So what'sthis aboutthe hotel?
Sounds pretty suspicious!
(Light's room)
LIGHT: OK, Ryuk.
We need to have a little talk.

RYUK: Ah, should have known.

LIGHT: And I'd appreciate an answer if you could.
If two shinigami happen to meet in the human world, are they allowed to speak to each other?

RYUK: Hard to say. As long as I'm attached to a human, I'd say it's against the rules unless I had their permission first.
But there's no laws against it, either.
So I guess it's possible that another shinigami might talk to me.

LIGHT: So does that mean that if this fake Kira's shinigami would see you, there's a chance he might mention the fact you're with me and reveal that I'm Kira?

RYUK: They probably wouldn't, but it depends on their personality.

LIGHT: And if this kind of situation did arise, I can assume that you'llactthe way you normally do?

RYUK: Yeah. Even if I see another human with a shinigami, I'm not gonna tell you.

LIGHT: Well I definitely think you've got [a/the] right approach.

RYUK: Hm? Thanks.
LIGHT: Huh? There's no way.
Did he really think this far ahead?

RYUK: What is it?

LIGHT: Aoyama is a big area.
I was searching for possible meeting places when I stumbled across this.
On the 22nd, there's a big event going on at a club in Aoyama called the "Note Blue"
Aoyama, blue mountain. Note and blue is [- it's] a code.

RYUK: Well, well, if you ask me, that's pretty elaborate.

LIGHT: He might be smarter than I thought.
Which means I have to be that much more careful from now on.
In any case, this "Note Blue" place is definetelyworthchecking out.

RYUK: What's the point in going there, if you don't want [to be found out/him to find out] that you're Kira.
You really think it'swortha risk?
(Aoyama)
MATSUDA：Oh, excuse me, Light? So, what's going on here?

LIGHT： Oh, these are some of my friends from school.

MATSUDA： Nice to meet you.

LIGHT： This is my cousin, Taro.
It's his first time ever in Tokyo and he wants to see Aoyama and Roppongi.
So I figured the least we could do is show him a good time.
I[’m] count on you guys! Oh yeah, he also told me he's looking for a girlfriend.
So, does anyone wanna volunteer?

MATSUDA： Hey! I never said that!
MATSUDA：(reflection) I'm impressed, Light.
I doubt that anyone would ever suspect that [those are/there was a] police detective hanging around with the students.

LIGHT： (reflection) With all of us walking together like this, even if Ryuk is seen, no one would be able to tell which one of us he's following.
It's also a good defense against L's surveillance cameras.
Not such a bad way to investigate really.
I just have to stay relaxed and keep an eye on the entrance of the Note Blue when it opens.
MISA: Found you!
Moon Yagami, is it?
You're the only one whose lifespan I can't see.
He is Kira! I can't believe it!
And never thought it would be this easy to find him.
All right Rem. Time to go.

REM: Ha! You finally found him and now you just want to leave?

MISA: Well I can't go up to him and say "Hi, Kira! Nice to meet you. I'm the one who sent you the messages" with all these people around.
I know his name now, so I can easily find out all about him.
After all, it's such a unique name.

[　 ]は分からないところ。イタリックは別サイト「デスノートで英会話」を参考に修正したところです。
どなたもびしばし修正をお願いいたします。

Death Note > Chapter 13 Confession 「告白」 > Ch13-2 Weapon--Misa meets Light

MISA: Ooooh, it's written as Moon, but read as Light.
Light Yagami. Why, he's so amazing. Look at all the stuff!
He won the national tennis championship when he was in the 2nd and 3rd year of his junior high, He gave an address as freshmen representative at this year's entrance ceremony at Touou University.
I can't find a picture of him, but there wouldn't be anyone else whose name is Light Yagami.
Who would've ever thought that Kira would be so young and handsome.
Everything about him is better than I imagined.
I can't believe how easy [it] was topurchasethis information.
The world sure is a scary place.
I even know his home address now.
AIZAWA: So we were there both days.
In Aoyama on the 22nd and Shibuya on the 24th.
And we observed nothing of significance on neither location.
That leaves uswithonly the Dome on the 30th.

LIGHT: (reflection) I didn't notice anyone who looked suspicious at the Note Blue.
Was he serious about the Dome?
WATARI: Ryuzaki, apparently Sakura TV has just received another message from the 2nd Kira.
It was postmarked on the 23rd.
VIDEO: I'm happy to say that I have found Kira to all the people of television station and the police department.
I'd like to thank you very much.

LIGHT: (reflection) Hm? I-impossible! Where in Aoyama?
His shinigami. It must have seen Ryuk and picked me out of the crowd.
No! There's no way he could've known who Ryuk was attached to.
I checked repeatedly that no one was following me.
L:(reflection) If this is true, the only possible event that corresponds with this tape he mailed on the 23rd is theentryregarding Aoyama on the 22nd..
The only ones from the task force who went to Aoyama are Matsuda and Light Yagami.
Is Light really Kira after all?

L: Still there's no proof even it happened in Aoyama.
AIZAWA: This is a disaster if he found him.
SOUICHIRO: Yeah. And most likely it means that the two Kiras are now cooperating with each other.

L: At this point I don't think we should jump to any conclusions.
The second Kira is only saying that he found him, nothing more.
He may not have made contact yet.
SOUICHIRO: Hmmm.

L: Now that it comes to this.
We have no choice but to communicate as the police directly with the second Kira.

MATSUDA: You wanna send a message?

L: Yes. The police need to reach out the copy cat and offer him a deal.
We need to negotiate with him [to see] if we can get Kira's real name.
RYUK: Hahaha. That's the last thing you wanted to hear, right?
LIGHT: (reflection) This isn't good. I have no idea how the fake Kira will react to this.
But I have no means of stopping the police from sending this message.

POLICE'S VIDEO: If Kira doesn't yet know your name, it may not be too late if you provide that you're willing to cooperate.
Whatever you do, you must not approach Kira out of curiosity.
Make no mistake.
Kira will kill you if you contact him.
You'll be used and disposed of.
Consider your own life for a moment.
Yours, like every other life, has [intrinsable/intrinsic] value.
Now is your chance to right pass along by sharing what you know about Kira.
Only you can help us bring his reign of terror to an end.
(outside)
REM: Where are you going?
MISA: To introduce myself.
REM: So this is what you meant.
SACHIKO: Oh, could that be your father?
SAYU: Coming!
SAYU: Welcome ho...

MISA: Hi, Hello and good evening.
My name is Misa Amane.
I just came by to give Light his important notebook he left at school earlier today.

SAYU: Could you waithere for a second?
Liiiiiight!
LIGHT: (relfecction) Notebook? Could it be?
MISA: I'm pleased to meet you.
I'm Misa Amane.
I thought you might get worried if you saw the message on TV.
I just couldn't take it any more so I brought this notebook.

LIGHT: (reflection ) Ahhh. A death note!
(touches the notebook)
A Shinigami! She is the fake Kira.
LIGHT: Please. Come in.
MISA: Are you sure it's OK?
Thanks.
LIGHT: Mom, she cameallthis way to return my notebook.
Could you make her some tea?
SACHIKO: Sure. I don't see why not.
LIGHT: Hm? I've already told you about her.
(Light's room)
LIGHT: Have a seat.
MISA: Oh, um, thank you.
LIGHT: How did you find me?
MISA: Huh! I knew it!
You never made the Shinigami eye deal.
When you have the Shinigami eyes like I do, you can see most people's name and lifespan just by looking at them.
However, you can't see the lifespan of any person who possesses the death note.

LIGHT: Huh.
RYUK: No kidding. I had to admit even I wasn't aware of that little detail.

LIGHT: Well, now you've managed to find me.
But you are careless.
What if you have been caught by the police, then they know everything about Kira.

MISA: It's all right.
Because the police didn't catch me.
And if I will do as you say from now on, they'll never be able to.
So we are safe.
After all don't you need someone to see L's name?
If you want, I could be your eyes. So..

LIGHT: Yeah? So what?
MISA: Would you please make me your girlfriend?
LIGHT: Huh? Girlfriend?
MISA: Yes.
RYUK: Hahaha.

LIGHT: (reflection ) If she finds out I'm manipulating her and gets hurt, she'll probably kill me. But still...
LIGHT: Impossible. The date you and I were in Aoyama, there were three times the usual number of surveillance cameras around.
Anyone who's in Aoyama on the 22nd would definitely be caught on camera.
That includes me.
If you and I were seen together, it wouldn't look very good.
In fact even being here together right now is a problem.
I wish you understand that.

MISA: But look. These are pictures of me when I went to Aoyama that day.

RYUK: Well I'm sure no one would recognize her from this.

LIGHT: And what about your fingerprints?
All those tapes you sent to the TV station, they all had the same fingerprints on them.

MISA:Yep, but thosearen't my fingerprints.
It's not like I do these things without thinking about them first.
Up until recently I lived in the Kansai region.
And I had this friend who was into the occult.
I suggested that we distribute this fake poltergeist video I had made to bunch of different TV shows.
Sort of, it was a prank., and she agreed to help me with it.
I had her take care of all of the dubbing so my fingerprints wouldn't be on the tapes.
Then I took them from her,added the Kiragraphic and recorded the message with that voice effect.

LIGHT: Then the friend you made the tapes with, where is she now?

MISA: Why are you doing this to me?
If you want me to kill her, just say so, ["Why not kill her?"].

LIGHT: Hmmm.
MISA: If you really still can't trust me, then here, I'll even let you hold onto my death note.
But, you just be holding it.
So I'd still [be] the right of owner of it and that means I get to keep my shinigami eyes.
Isn't that right, Rem?
REM: Yes, that's right.

MISA: Now there's no way I could've possibly killed you
And if I become a burden to you, then you can just kill me, OK?

LIGHT: (reflection) Why would she go this far?
LIGHT: But you might have removed several pages from your death note.
You could've be hiding them somewhere for all I know.

MISA: Why are you so suspicious of me?
I already told you. I don't care even if all you do was to use me.
Believe me.

LIGHT: How can you say that?

MISA: Exactly one year ago, my parents were killed in a [robbery].
I was [also home / home with them] at that time, it happened right in front of me.
I wanted that man to pay for what he did.
But the trialdraggedon forever.
Opinion starteddisservicingthat he was being falsely accused.
And it happened.
Kira punished him for what he did to my parents.
And that's why Kira means everything.
Kira means everything to me.
All I....all I wanted was a chance to meet you one day so I could thank you for what you did.

LIGHT: (reflection) So all these were rational moves.
They were just to means for her to meet Kira.
Still she got around the surveillance cameras with ease.
And managed not to leave her fingerprints on the evidence.
She is not as stupid as I thought.
And she has promised to obey me from now on.
LIGHT: I understand. I can't be your boyfriend, but I can act like it.
The [length]you went to meet me to be of help to me,those eyesof yours that you sacrificed half your life to get, would become my weapon.

MISA: Thank you so much.
I'll try my hardest tomakeyou love me. I promise.
LIGHT: (reflection) Hahaha.


分からない＆自信のない部分は[ ]で表してあります。イタリックは別サイト「デスノートで英会話」様を参考に修正した部分です。どなたもお気軽に修正、またはコメントをお願いいたします
  