
  （classroom）
TEACHER: He found himself overwhelmed with happiness and satisfaction, knowing that at long last his dream had finally come true.
GIRL: I have no idea of what he was thinking, coming to my house, but I am so through with him.
BOY: Seriously? So what happened with your Dad after that?

TEACHER: All right. Then, Yagami?
LIGHT: Huh?
TEACHER: Please recite this line for us.
LIGHT: Sure.
Having finally made his dream a reality, he was overwhelmed, both by the magnitude of his achievement and by the joy and happiness that were brought to him.
TEACHER: That was very well-done. But I'm not surprised, of course.
Absolutely flawless. Very good.
TEACHER: Well then. I'll leave it at that for today.
BOY: So you got...
RYUK: I thought it would never end. How do you do this every day? It's so boring here. Hey, where are you going?
RYUK: Hey, Light, are you listening to me?
LIGHT: Don't talk to me. Unlike you, people can still hear me when I talk out loud.
RYUK: Heh, well, aren't you boring.
BOY: Hey, what's up, Light? We were just gonna head down…
LIGHT: Sorry. I'm a little busy today.
RYUK: You don't have anything to do. Aren't you just gonna go home and hang out in your room as usual?
LIGHT: What are you talking about? 
Of course I have something to do.
Yes. Something very important.

（Light's room）
TV announcer: There was more violence across the city today. Another stabbing. 
This time at a restaurant in the heart of the Kabuki-cho district of Shinjuku, following...
RYUK: Hey, Light. I'm talking to you.
LIGHT: What is it?
RYUK: Why are you working so hard?
LIGHT: I can't afford to waste any time.
I have a very small window to write names in this notebook.
I only have from when I get home from school until I go to bed.
I still need to sleep so I can maintain my average and stay at the top of my class.
Obviously I can't be sleeping in class, plus there's all the studying at home and at cram school.
I can't let myself get too tired.
It will start to affect my health and my mental performance.
If I'm serious about trying to create an ideal world that's free from evil, then I need to make the most of my time.
SAYU: Huh? Weird.
Hey, Light, what's going on?
Why is your door locked?
LIGHT: It's Sayu. What is it?
SAYU: Can you help me with my homework?
LIGHT: Er. Yeah. OK.
SAYU: We're doing quadratic equations in math.
Sorry to interrupt.
I know you're studying right now.
But I'm like the only person in my class who doesn't get this stuff.
Thanks so much.
LIGHT: No problem.
RYUK: I'd be careful if I were you.
If anyone else touches that notebook you've got hidden in the drawer right now, they will be able to see me, too.
LIGHT: Huh?
He waits till now to mention that important detail? Damn Shinigami.
SAYU: What's wrong? Are you all right?
LIGHT: Hm? It's nothing.
So, what exactly don't you understand?
What are you stuck on?
SAYU: Er...well...I think all of it.

(ICPO)
MAN:There've been fifty-two deaths that we're aware of and that's just in the past week.
MAN:Every single one of them involved a heart attack.
MAN:They were all criminals who were either being held in prison or who were wanted by police for outstanding crimes.
And I think it's safe to say there are other criminals whose deaths are unaccounted for.
MAN: In which case the death toll could be well over one hundred.
MATSUDA: Oh, morning, chief. They started the meeting without you.
SOICHIRO: That's fine. I had to take an urgent call from headquarters.
MAN: At any rate, these were criminals who were probably facing executions sooner or later. Perhaps we shouldn't...
MAN: Why should it matter whether it's a criminal or someone innocent?
Last time I checked, murder was still murder.
MAN: It's still too early to consider these a homicide.
MAN: Then how did all these people have heart attacks at the exact same time? That's not coincidence. It's murder.
MAN: You think it's possible to simultaneously kill all these people in different locations.
MAN: We're treating this as an elaborate murder plot that's been carried out by a large organization.
MAN: If it is a large organization, I'm sure I'm not alone in suspecting the FBI or CIA.
MAN: I dare you to say that again!
MAN: Now, now. This is not the time to be joking around.
MAN: We need to confirm that these are indeed homicide and not coincidences.
MAN: How?
MAN: Autopsy results show that in all of these cases the victims died of a sudden heart attack.
MAN: Investigating a series of heart attacks is pointless. I don't see what else we can learn.
MAN: Absolutely. If these people'd been shot or stabbed, at least we'd have something to go on.
MAN: If that's the case, it looks as if we'll have no choice but to bring in L.
MATSUDA: Oh Chief. What's this L they're talking about?
SOICHIRO: Right. I forgot that it's your first time at this conference.
We don't know L's real name or whereabouts.
In fact we still don't even know what he looks like.
However he's managed to solve every case he's ever taken on.
And he's tackled some of the greatest mysteries this world has ever known.
He hides in the shadows, but he is the best of the best.
Our last resort, our trump card.
MAN: But I've heard this L is extremely arrogant. I understand he'd only take on cases that he's personally interested in.
MAN: That's exactly right.
Besides, we don't even know how to contact him.
WATARI: L is already on the move.
WATARI: Gentlemen. L has already begun his investigation into these incidents.
MAN: Watari.
MATSUDA: Ha? Who's that?
SOICHIRO: That man's the only known person who can contact L.
Nobody knows his true identity either.
WATARI: Please be silent.
L would now like to address the delegates.
L: Greetings to all of you at the ICPO.
I am L.

RYUK: What are we doing here anyway?
I don't understand why we are sneaking around this dump.
Tell me.
LIGHT: Isn't it obvious?
You told me that anyone who touches the Death Note will be able to see you.
I can't afford to carry something this dangerous with me any more.
Up until now, I thought that if my family ever saw the notebook, I can tell them I was keeping the records of various criminals in preparation for becoming a detective one day.
But I'm walking a very fine line right now.
I don't want to think about it, but if I make one mistake, I might end up killing my own family.

L:The difficulty of this case lies on its unprecedented scope.
And make no mistake.
We are witnessing an atrocious act of mass murder, one that is unforgivable.
This case cannot be solved without the full cooperation of the ICPO.
That is all of the police organizations you represent throughout the world.
You need to make the decision to fully support the investigation at this meeting.
Also I require additional cooperation from Japan's National Police Agency.
SOUICHIRO: Huh? What? Why Japan in paticular?
L: Whether this guilty party is an individual or a group, there is a strong possibility that they are Japanese.
And even if they are not, we can be sure they're hiding in Japan.
MAN: What is all this based on?
L: Why Japan, you ask? I think I will be able to provide you with proof of that after I directly confront the culprit.
MAN: A direct confrontation?
L: At any rate, I would like to set up the investigation headquarters in Japan.

LIGHT: That was easier to make than I thought it'd be.
RYUK: Ha. Does that mean you were able to hide the notebook?
LIGHT: Yeah. I hid it right here in this drawer.
RYUK: But it doesn't seem to be particularly well hidden.
You left the key in the lock.
LIGHT: That's the whole point.
I intentionally left the key in the most noticeable place I could think of.
RYUK: Isn't that just a regular diary?
LIGHT: That's what it is.
I'm guessing that once most people find the diary inside my desk, that'll probably satisfy their curiosity.
But the real key is this.
Just an everyday item you'd expect to find lying around on my desk.
A regular ball-point pen, and all I need is this part.
RYUK: So that's the key?
LIGHT: Yeah.
If you look closely, you'll find there's a small hole underneath the drawer.
Then you just insert this..
RYUK: Aha. A fake bottom.
The diary would distract most people so I doubt anyone will find it.
LIGHT: But that's not all.
RYUK: Hm?
LIGHT:Even if someone figures out there's a fake base, I've set things up so that there's no way they could get their hands on the notebook.
You see, once the ink reservoir is inserted, it accesses an insulator, preventing the flow of electricity around the circuit.
When the fake base of the drawer's put back, this piece of rubber also prevents the flow of electricity.
However, if someone were to try and force the bottom of the drawer open, the circuit would connect and now would ignite the gasoline contained in this thin plastic case, instantly setting the notebook on fire.
The way I've got it set up, all the evidence will be completely destroyed.
If I'm ever questioned, I'd say that I was hiding the real diary, because I didn't want anyone to see it.
It sounds like a pretty believable excuse.
I mean, it is my diary after all.
RYUK: I've heard of humans finding Death Notes in the past and typically the biggest problem they had was finding a good place to hide it.
But you, Light, you're probably the first to have given it this much thought.
Though, it's a pretty risky set up from the look of it.
If you make even the slightest mistake, you could be badly burned.
LIGHT: Risky? You say the strangest thing sometimes, Ryuk.
This whole thing has been a risk since the very beginning from the moment I obtained the Death Note.
I'm sorry, but compared to that, this doesn't even qualify as a risk to me.
In fact, it actually protects me.
It all comes down to a choice: Would I prefer to be executed or deal with a little house fire.

ANNOUNCER: Last night in the West Tokyo penitentiary, Naoki KoroKitayama, originally sentenced to fifteen years for armed robbery, was reported to have died of a sudden heart attack at the age of 32.
This is just the most recent death in the steadily growing number of cases involving inmates dying...
STUDENT: This is unbelievable. Criminals are dropping like flies lately.
STUDENT: It's a little scary, but at the same time it's kind of cool.
STUDENT: Sure. Just make sure you don't do anything bad.
STUDENT: I won't be surprised if the police were behind this.
STUDENT: No way. The police don't have that kind of power.
STUDENT: Don't you know about him?
STUDENT: Huh? About who?
STUDENT: Kira. You know, Kira.
STUDENT: I wonder who's gonna be killed next.

LIGHT: Ryuk, you should check this out.
RYUK: Huh?
LIGHT: Web sites like this are popping up everywhere lately.
RYUK: The legend of Kira the savior. Huh.
Sounds pretty cool. Is this about you?
LIGHT: Yeah. I think they've taken the name "Kira" from the English word killer.
Can't say I'm too happy about that, but it looks like that's the name they've decided to give me.
When I search the word Kira, I'm pulling up tons of sites just like this one.
The media hasn't picked up on it.
They're still calling this a succession of unexplained deaths among the world's most hardened criminals.
But the people of the world can already sense that there's something happening.
They know there's someone out there passing righteous judgement.
RYUK: Oh?
LIGHT: Human beings are like that, Ryuk.
Although this would probably never happen in school, let's say that students were asked to discuss whether bad people deserve to die.
Well you can bet that everyone will give the politically correct answer.
STUDENT: It's just wrong to kill people.
LIGHT: That's what they are bound to say.
Of course that's the correct response to give, right?
Humans are always trying to maintain appearances when they're in public. That's just how we are.
But this is how they really feel.
Most are too afraid to support me as they're worried about what others would think.
Many would rather deny my existence.
But on the Internet, where you can remain anonymous, support for kira is growing.
Maybe people are afraid to say it out loud, but they all understand what's happening.
Someone's making the bad guys disappear one by one.
Those who have done no wrong are cheering for kira in their hearts because they have nothing to fear, while those who have done wrong are on the run.
They are forced to hide from an unknown enemy.
This is how it should be.
It's perfect. Everything is going just like I planned.

ANNOUNCER: We'd like to apologize for the interruption.
As of now we're bringing you a live world wide broadcast from Interpol, ICPO.
RYUK: Hum? What's this?
ANNOUNCER: We now take you live to the ICPO.
LIND: I head up an international police task force which includes all member nations.
I am Lind L. Tailor, otherwise known as L.
LIGHT: What? Who is this guy?
SOUICHIRO: So this is how it all begins.
MATSUDA: But Sir, I don't get it. He's never actually shown his face before, right?
Why would he choose to do it now?
SOUICHIRO: It must mean L's serious about this.
L, we followed every single one of your orders.
Now it's time for you to prove what you said to the ICPO.
LIND: Criminals around the world are being murdered by a serial killer.
I consider this crime to be the most atrocious act of murder in history.
I will not rest until the person or persons responsible are brought to justice.
Kira, I will hunt you down, I will find you.
RYUK: He seems certain he'll catch you.
LIGHT: Hum. That fool. He'll never find me.
He'll have to get this first, and as long as the police don't find it, there won't be any evidence to convict me, which means catching me will be absolutely impossible.
Hm..
I anticipated that the police would get involved and that something like this might happen.
LIND: Kira, I've got a pretty good idea what your motivation might be and I can guess what you hope to achieve.
However, what you are doing right now is evil.
LIGHT: You think I'm evil?
I am justice! I protect the innocent and those who fear evil. I'm the one who'd become the god of a new world that everyone desires!
All those who'd oppose that god, they are the ones who're truly evil!
LIGHT: I guess you're just too stupid, L.
Too bad. This could have been a lot more interesting if you'd only been a bit smarter.
I'll show the world what happens when you cross me.
The entire world is watching, L...
Five more seconds. Four, three, two, one...
LIND: Ooooh.
LIGHT: Hahaha.
What's wrong? You got nothing else to say?
L: I had to test this just in case but I, I've never thought it would actually happen.
Kira, it seems you can kill people without having to be there in person.
I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't just witnessed it.
Listen to me, Kira.
If you did indeed kill Lind L. Tailor, the man you just saw die on television, I should tell you that he was an inmate, whose execution was scheduled for today.
That was not me.
LIGHT: What?
L: The police arrested him in absolute secrecy, so you wouldn't have heard about him on TV or through the internet.
It appears not even you have access to information about these types of criminals.
RYUK: Haha. He got you there.
L; But I assure you L is real.
I do exist.
Now try to kill me.
LIGHT: You...you bastard.
L: What's wrong? Hurry up!
MAN: What the hell is going on?
L: C'mon. Right now.
MAN: He's really taking this too far. Are you trying to kill yourself, L?
WOMNA: What's going on?
MAN: Look! It's Kira versus L.
L: What are you waiting for? You've got to do it.

MAN: The live broadcast is crazy?
L: Come on! Try to kill me!

WOMAN: This is freaky.
MAN: Amazing.
MAN: Do it, Kira!
MAN: Someone, stop this!
L: What's the matter? Can't you do it?
Well, Kira, it seems that you can't kill me after all.
RYUK: Hahaha.
L: So there are some people you can't kill.
You've given me a useful hint.
Let me return the favor. I'll tell you something that I think you'll find interesting.
Although this was announced as a worldwide broadcast, the truth is, we are only broadcasting in the Kanto region of Japan.
I had planned to broadcast this message around the world until we found you, but it looks that won't be necessary.
I now know where you are.
RYUK: Hahaha. This L guy is pretty good.
L: The police treated your first killing as an unrelated incident, but, in actuality, the first of your victims was a suspect in Shinjuku.
Of all the criminals that have recently died of heart attacks, this one's crime was by far the least serious.
Furthermore his crime was only ever reported inside Japan.
I used that information to deduce this much.
You are in Japan. And your first victim was little more than an experiment, which means that you haven't been killing for very long.
We decided to broadcast in Kanto first because of its large population, and luckily we found you.
To be completely honest with you, I never expected that things would go this well, but it won't be too long now before I'm able to sentence you to death.

MATSUDA: L has certainly lived up to his reputation.
SOUICHIRO: Uh, huh. He proved that Kira exists, that the deaths were murders and that he's here in Japan.
L: Naturally I'm very interested to know how you are able to commit these murders without being present, but I don't mind waiting a little bit longer.
You can answer all of my questions when I catch you.
Let's meet again soon, Kira.

LIGHT: Really. He's going to sentence me to death?
Sounds interesting.
I accept your challenge, L.
RYUK: Each of them has to hunt down the other without knowing the other's name or face.
And the first one whose identity is revealed will die.
Humans are so much fun.

LIGHT: L...
L: Kira...
Light&L: I will hunt you down wherever you're hiding and I will eliminate you.

Light&L: I am..I am.. justice
  