
REM: You will continue to kill criminals whose names are broadcast.
Outside of that you are free to use the death note however you wish.
That's the only condition.
(reflection) If everything happens as Light Yagami planned, this should help save Misa.
Do as I say and you'll get what you want. In the end it works out well for both of us.
I suppose for somone in your position would call this good business.
(task force)
L: Mr. Yagami, are you all right?
There's no reason for you to keep doing this to yourself.
SOUICHIRO: It's been over a month since Kira started killing criminals again.
And as far as I'm concerned, that's all the proof I need to be sure that my son isn't Kira.
So then all that left is for you to be sure.
One way or another when I get out of here, it will be with my son.
MATSUDA: Wow, the chief can be pretty stubborn.
L: Light, how are you feeling right now?
LIGHT: Ah, I'm OK. Ryuzaki, I know that in the time I've been in prison no new criminals have died.
However, that suggests to me that Kira must be someone who's intimately familiar with my situation.
And if that's the case...
L: No, Light. The reason criminals have stopped dying is because you are Kira.
LIGHT: No! I'm not Kira!
How many times do I have to say it?
L:(reflection) If Light were Kira, he'd know that I was bluffing, so why is he getting so upset?
He honestly seems clueless.
AIZAWA: This is just cruel.
I don't care if he is a suspect.
Light still has a right to know that criminals are being killed again.
L: Amane.
MISA: Yes.
L: Are you OK?
Youseem tired.
MISA: Is that supposed to be funny?
How are you expecting me to look after being tied up and questioned for this many days?
L: Hm, that's true.
MISA: Please just let me go.
I want to see Light.
Please. Light. Let me.
MATSUDA: Ahh, I'm not sure how much more of this three of them can take.
AIZAWA: Ryuzaki, you have no reason to keep Light locked up any more.
Do the right thing, and let him go. Then we can get the chief out, too.
Criminals are still being killed, even though Misa and Light haven't had access to any of that information.
We know that much already, so are you waiting for?
L: Not true. All we really know at this point is that Amane has unnaturally strong devotion for Light Yagami.
AIZAWA: Ryuzaki, I'm sorry, but with all due respect, from where I'm standing, it's starting to look like you are only doing this 'cause you don't want to admit that you were wrong about Light.
L: Yes. I figured you'd say that.
AIZAWA: OK, fine!
But we do know that Kira killed Lind L. Tailor and those FBI agents, right?
As Light said, if Kira could kill while under surveillance and without access to information, there would've been no need.
If they didn't pose a threat to him, then why would he bother killing them?
Kira doesn't kill without a good reason.
I've heard you say so yourself on more thanoneoccasion.
MATSUDA: Oh I see. If he was able to kill under these circumstances, then he wouldn't have been concerned about those FBI agents in the first place.
AIZAWA: It's already been 50 days. There's no point to this any more.
Ryuzaki, it's time to start looking for the real Kira.
L: Yes, I understand.
L: Mr. Yagami.
SOUICHIRO: Yes, what is it?
L: Would you be willing to come to headquarters, just once?
I'd like to discuss my thought with you, but it must be done in person.
However, above all else I need to talk to you as Light's father.
SOUICHIRO: All right. I'll come.
(in a car)
MISA: Honestly, all this time I've never picturedyou asan old man, Mr. Stalker.
SOUICHIRO: I'm not your stalker. I'm a detective with the NPA.
MISA: What? Hey, wait.
I remember now.
He told me I was being arrested for being the second Kira.
You mean that was for real?
No, you are a stalker.
There's no way that the police would blindfold me and tie me up [or fetishes/for fetish] like that.
Anyways, it's kindaweird that you havemy hands and feet tied up even though you are planning to let me go?
SOUICHIRO: Please. Just keep quiet.
MISA: Oh, Light!
LIGHT: Misa!
MISA: Oh I missed you so much, Light!
LIGHT: Dad, tell me what's all this about.
MISA: He's your dad?
Oh my god, I totally called your Dad a stalker, and I used all [of those] kinds of other rude stuff.
Oh, p, pleased to meet you. My name is Misa Amane.
I-I'm Light's girlfriend and I'd like to..
AIZAWA: [There all you are], chief.
SOUICHIRO: Let's go. Get in the car.

(in the car)
LIGHT: I was starting to think I'd never get out of there.
But it feels good to finally be cleared.
SOUICHIRO: No. I'm afraid you two are being taken to your execution.
LIGHT&MISA: Huh?
SOUICHIRO: I wanted to be the one to escort you to the execution site.
It was secretly built in an underground facility not far from here.
LIGHT: Execution? What a hell are you talking about?
MISA: What? Isn't this a joke .. ?
SOUICHIRO: L has convinced that you are Kira, Light, and that Misa Amane is the second Kira.
He is convinced that the only way we can prevent the murder is to execute the two of you.
LIGHT: I don't understand that. The killings have already stopped.
SOUICHIRO: No. They never stopped.
LIGHT: They never?
That's not what he told me, so he was lying?
SOUICHIRO: L was trying to get a confession out of you, Light.
He would've said anything.
But at this point that's not the problem.
It's political now.
You see, L's suggestion that the killings would stop if you two were eliminated was unanimously accepted by top officials of the UN and the Japanese government.
They want Kira to disappear.
No trial, nopublicity.
LIGHT: But that's conpletely insane. Please, Dad, I'm not Kira!
MISA: That's right. What kind of father are you, anyway?
This is your own son you're talking about!
SOUICHIRO: L made this decision, not me.
And his word is absolute.
Over the years he's tackled the most difficult cases, solving all of them.
He's never been wrong.
LIGHT: You trust L more than you trust me, your own son?
SOUICHIRO: L went so far as to stake his life on thistheory.
If killings don't stop, then he too will be executed.
LIGHT: Huh? L said that?
What could he be thinking?
I know that, given the material evidence, this might seem like the only logical solution.
But he is making a mistake!
How could L come to this conclusion?
Something's not right here.
It's just..It's, it's not like L at all!
The L I know would rely on hard evidence.
He has to have the truth!
Is he really preying on me to end it like this?
SOUICHIRO: All right. We're almost there.
LIGHT: Where are we right now?
Why did you bring us out to the middle of nowhere.
What is this?
MISA: Wait a sec. I bet he brought us [so] here to let us go.
SOUICHIRO: This will do.
Looks like there's nobody around to see us out here.
I decided that it would be better for us if I brought you here instead of the execution site.
Listen to me.
I'm going to kill you here and then kill myself.
LIGHT: What!? What are you talking about, Dad?
You can't! That's crazy!
MISA: [ ] You kill your own son for L?
If you wanna die so bad, why don't you kill yourself?
If you do this, you're no different than Kira!
SOUICHIRO: I am nothing like Kira.
I am bound by my responsibilities as a parent and as the chief of the NPA.
LIGHT: Dad, come on! She's right!
Think about it; if we die here, the truth will never be revealed.
Please Dad, you have to let us escape!
SOUICHIRO: It's too late.
Either way, you will be executed.
At least with this, I will be the one to do it.
LIGHT: Please stop, Dad. I'm not Kira!
If I die here, Kira wins. Can't you see?
SOUICHIRO: Amane, I'm going to die here with my son, but I have no reason to kill you.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
It's only a matter of time before the police locate this car.
Then they'll transport you to the original site, and execute you there.
SOUICHIRO: Light, my son. From one murder to another, I'll see you in hell.
LIGHT: No, Dad!
MISA: No, stop it!
(bang!)

SOUICHIRO: Light, my son. From one murder to another, I'll see you in hell.
LIGHT: No, Dad!
LIGHT: You...used a blank?
SOUICHIRO: Oh, thank goodness!
LIGHT: Thank goodness?
What's going on? I don't understand.
SOUICHIRO: Please forgive me, you too.
I know that was hard on you, but it was the only way I can get you out of prison.
You must understand.
I only agreed to do this because I believed in your innocence, Light.
Were you watching, Ryuzaki?
I did exactly as you said, and as you can see, I'm still alive.
L: Yes, it was a convincing performance.
If Amane were the second Kira, who only needs to see a person's face to kill them, there's no doubt she would have killed you before you had a chance to fire your weapon.
Also if Light was in fact Kira, the Kira I know wouldn't hesitate to kill even his own father to save himself.
With Light, in particular, I cannot rule out the possibility that he may've seen through all our act at some point, however as we agreed, I will end their confinement immediately.
And as we discussed, Amane will remain under surveillance until Kira is apprehended.
Although she insists the tapes we found were just occult videos, the physical evidence we have, plus her confession, suggest otherwise.
MISA: Hey, nofair! You still suspect me?
SOUICHIRO: If I were you, I wouldn't complain. You get to go back to your normal life.
If you are innocent, the surveillance shouldn't be a threat to you.
Think of it as complimentary police protection.
MISA: Oh, I get it. Since I'm not the second Kira, it'll be kinda like I have my very own private body guards.
L: As for your partin this agreement, Light, you and I would take together twenty four-seven, and that's how we'll remain until we brought Kira to justice.
LIGHT: Fine by me. We'll catch Kira together.
L: Yes. I look forward to working with you.

※[ ]は聞き取れなかったところ。イタリックは別サイト「デスノートで英会話学習」様を参考に修正したところです。
どなたも間違いに気付いた方は、遠慮なく修正orコメントをお願いいたします。

Death Note > Chapter 17 Execusion > Ch17-2 Eight (page.38 「八人」)

LIGHT: Are you sure this is necessary, Ryuzaki?
L: This is as difficult for me as it is for you.
MISA: So is this what you meant by being together 24 hours a day with him?
Looking at you, I never would have guessed.
Are you on that side of the fence, Ryuzaki?
L: I told you I'm not doing this because I want to. OK?

MISA: But Light belongs to me.
I don't wanna share him with you.
If you are with him 24-seven, then how are we supposed to go on dates together?
L: Oh, you can still go on dates, but it'll have to be the three of us.
MISA: No way! Are you telling me we have to kiss in front of you and stuff?
L: I'm not telling you to do anything, but yes, I suppose I'll be watching.
MISA: That's so gross. You really are a pervert, aren't you?
L: Light, please make Misa stop talking now.

LIGHT: Listen, Misa. That's enough.
The police have already established that it was you who sent those tapes.
So you are lucky to even be here right now.
They have every right to keep you in prison.

MISA: How could you even say that, Light?
In case you forgot, I'm your girlfriend.
Don't you trust your own soul mate?
LIGHT: Eh, what do you mean "soul mate"?
You are the one who said you fell in love with me at first sight, Misa.
MISA: So why did you kiss me, if you did not have feelings for me?
You took advantage of me? Stupid, stupid....
L: About this love at first sight, it happened in Aoyama on May 22nd, didn't it?
MISA: So what?
L: Why did you choose that day to go to Aoyama?
And do you remember what you wore?
MISA: It's like I told you.
I just happened to go there.
I don't know why. I don't remember how I felt.
And I don't even know what I was wearing.
Anyway, since when do I need a reason to hang out in Aoyama, huh?

L: And somehow when you came back from Aoyama, you knew that you were in love with some guy and that his name was Light
MISA: Yes!
L: And yet you yourself have no idea how you came to know his name.
MISA: Yes, so what?
L: Tell me, what if Light was Kira?
How would it make you feel?
MISA: Huh? How would I feel if Light was Kira?
L: That's right.
MISA: Ohhh, that'd be wonderful.
I mean, I've always been grateful to Kira for punishing the man who murdered my parents.
So if I found out that Light was actually Kira, that would be like a bonus for me.
If anything would make me love him even more, even though that's like practically impossible to love more than Ialreadydo.

L: It's Kira, though. You'd love him even more for that?
I mean, wouldn't you be afraid?
What if he tried to kill you?
MISA: You're talking about Light being Kira?
He wouldn't be scary at all.
I'm a supporter of Kira, so if I found out my Light was actually him, I think of how I could be helpful.

L: Hmm, That's very generous of you, but I'm pretty sure Kira doesn't need your help.
Well, Misa, based on what you have just told me, there can be no mistake that you are the second Kira.
But you've made it so painfully obvious that I don't really want to believe it.
MISA: Whatever. It's not believable because I'm not the second Kira, OK?

L: Anyway for the time being, you'll remain under surveillance.
When you do go out, if need [be], you'd be able to contact us using this room's extension.
For the most part of your life will return to normal.
But from now on, for all private and work related affairs, Mr. Matsuda would be accompanying you as your new manager, Matsui.

MATSUDA: Matsui, here!
L:Your MC is being paid to keep quiet and the police don't know.
Don't lose cover.
MISA: This old guy is my manager?
Oh, you can't be serious!
MATSUI: Come on! What's wrong with me, Misamisa?
Is that the tie 'cause I can't get in...

AIZAWA: Would you cut it out with all these dating and kissing and Misamisa talk already!
This is the Kira investigation. Stop messing around!
MATSUI: Sorry about that, Aizawa.
AIZAWA: No, it's all right. I just figured out what the problem is.
Misa Amane, it's time for you to go to your room.
MISA: Why!?
AIZAWA: Out you go!
MISA: Don't [know]!
Hey Light, let's go on a date even if it is the three of us!
AIZAWA: No!
L: So Light, are you serious about her?
LIGHT: No way. Like I tole you earlier, it's completely one-sided.
L: Then could you at least pretend to be serious for thesake ofthe investigation?
There are two things I know about Amane for sure; one, that she's involved in this.
And two, that she is in love with you.

LIGHT: You want me to become intimate with her to gather information about the second Kira?
L: Yes. I think you could do it without her [arousing] her suspicions.
And Amane would definitely be a valuable source of information for us.
Not to mention, this is the main reason why I agreed to release the two of you.
LIGHT: Ryuzaki, as much as I wanna help you,and as important as the Kira case is to me, I can't manipulate woman's feelings like that.
Please try to understand.
To me,exploitinganother person's feelings for a personal gain is unforgivable.
And I won't allow myself to stoop that low.

L: (reflection) There's something wrong with this picture.
It is as if he's a different person now.
Is it possible [that] this is an act?
If this is genuine, it not only implies that Amane was being controlled by Kira but Light Yagami, too.

LIGHT: Hm, what's wrong, Ryuzaki?
L: Um, nothing. I suppose you're right after all.
However considering Misa will have a lot of contact with the public, it would be helpful if you could make sure she doesn't leak information.
LIGHT: By the way, do you think we could come up with some kind of the alternative to the system of moving from hotel to hotel every few days?
L: Yes! In fact I had that very same thought some time ago, and so, I arranged for a facility to be built.
Construction started right after my first meeting with Mr. Yagami and the others.
It should be finished in a few days.
L: 23 floors above ground and 2 below.
Although it's impossible to see from the outside, there're two helicopters hidden on the roof.
MATSUDA: What?
LIGHT: That's amazing.

L: Ideally I want all of us to spend as much time here as possible.
If the investigation team grows, we can accommodate up to 60 people.
Misa shouldn't have any complains since she will have her own floor.
LIGHT: This is truly impressive, [for you/not] to go to such a length!

MATSUDA: Hold on a second.
Where did you find the finances to build this thing?
L: As you can see, it is my intention to solve this case no matter what it takes.
That's how it is.

AIZAWA: I'm sorry, but how is that an answer?
LIGHT: No, he is right.
The mass killings're bad enough already, but personally, I'll never forgive Kira for putting my Dad and [I] through this.
I wanna solve this no matter what it takes.
L: If you are serious about that, you should try to get close to Misa and find out about the second Kira.
LIGHT: I can't. That goes against my principles.
L: Right. You said that.
What a shame.
AIZAWA: Phh.
Eh, nothing. I'm just feeling really motivated right now, chief.
Ryuzaki, Chief Yagami, Light, let's get out of here and bring Kira to justice.
MATSUDA: Excuse me, I can't help but notice you missed my name.
(Yotsuba building)
OOI: Well, this looks like all of us.
Let's get started, shall we?
We're all here to further the growth of Yotsuba group by reducing competition.
So the question is; who is going to die?
TAKAHASHI: I'm not thrilled that we have to do this every single week.
This may be irrelevant, but I have to wonder what prompted Kira to start killing business people in addition to the usual criminals and such?

HIGUCHI: Come on now, haven't you figured this out yet, Takahashi?
This is the most advantageous course of action for Kira.
TAKAHASHI: Advantageous? He's basically started a killing service, Higuchi.
HIGUCHI: You have a lot to say considering how stupid you are.
I['d] hate to see you get killed because of it.
NAMIKAWA: Despite the fact we are all relatively young, all of us are now front runners to become Yotsuba's next CEO.
Not to mention, our salaries are virtually eclipsed those of the other employees in the company.

SHIMURA: It's unlikely he would choose to back a particular company.
No matter how you look at it, one of the people in this room has to be Kira.
OOI: So, back to business.
Does anyone have a proposal?
Who should we have Kira eliminate this week, gentlemen?
REM:(reflection) Human beings are truly disgusting creatures.

自信のないところ/わからないところは[ ]で囲ってあります。
イタリックは別サイト「xxxxで英会話学習」様を参考に修正した部分です。
どなたも間違いを見つけたらお気軽に修正願います。
  