
AIZAWA : That was footage from surveillance cameras at the station.
The death of one of the FBI agents is captured on here.

L : Let's see the following scenes again.
Raye Penber passing the ticket gate on his way in, then him boarding the train, and finally the part where he dies on the platform.

AIZAWA : OK. Let's see.

MATSUDA : I think it's next to that.

AIZAWA : Oh, here it is.

MATSUDA : Um, so based on the records I have here,
Raye Penber comes through the West entrance of Shinjuku station at 3:11 pm.
Then at 3:13 he boards a train on the Yamanote Line.
But even if he was following someone at that time, I think it's gonna be very difficult for us to draw any real conclusion from this blurry video.
Then at exactly 4:42 p.m., um, oh thank you very much, Watari.
Umm, and at 4:42 p.m., he exits the train at Tokyo station and dies on the platform.

L : It's quite strange, don't you think?
SOUICHIRO : I'm sorry. What do you find strange?
MATSUDA : Yeah. What is it? Did you notice something?
L : We know that Raye Penber got on the train, and then an hour and a half later he got off and died on the platform.
But Yamanote line only takes an hour to complete its circuit.
And more importantly there's the envelope.

AIZAWA : Um, what do you mean?

L : He's holding what looks like an envelope when he passes through the ticket gate.

AIZAWA : Oh, you're right! It's there under his arm.
But in the footage right before his death, it's gone!
I can't believe you actually caught that.

SOUICHIRO : Well I don't see an envelope on this list of his personal effects.

L : Which means it was left on the train.
And if you watch closely the very end here, it seems like he's straining to look inside the train before the door's close. You can see right here.

SOUICHIRO : If that's the case, do you think it could mean something?

L : Wouldn't it be interesting if Kira was on that train?

SOUICHIRO : That's impossible.

L : I admit I find it hard to believe as well.
There's no reason for Kira to come to the scene of his own crime when he can kill from a distance.

Well, maybe he was counting on us to make that assumption, and figured he could get away with such a bold move.

(LIGHT's room)
RYUK : What's going on with you, Light?
You haven't stopped writing criminals' names in the death note for four days straight.
So what are you trying to prove?
I don't see the point in writing these names weeks in advance.
I've never seen the death note used like this.

LIGHT : Consider it insurance.
Suppose the son of the Detective Superintendent of the NPA was hospitalized, if criminals stopped dying at the same time, it wouldn't be difficult to connect the two.

RYUK : So that's what this is.

LIGHT : Are you sure that I can use any date as long as it's before the end of a person's predetermined lifespan?

RYUK : Well, I can't guarantee it because we Shinigami don't normally work that way, but I suppose anytime before the end of their lifespan should work.

LIGHT : I really can't count on you, can I?

RYUK : You got that right.

(L's room)
WATARI : Yes? ...Yes, would you please hold for a moment?
Ryuzaki, it's Ukita at the NPA.
He says he's on the phone with someone from the tip line who has information for us.

L : Right. Then give Ukita the number for line 5 and ask him to have the informant call that line instead, it will be safer that way.

Mr. Matsuda, it's OK for you to turn on your cell phone
now. Actually please turn it on right away.

MATSUDA : Oh, sure.

L : Yes, this is Suzuki, head of Kira's investigation public information division.
Raye Penber's fiancee, Naomi Misora.
(reflection) Heard that name before.
Ha! So it's her.
She's from the Los Angeles BB murder case. That's right.
She was working under me.
I guess she must have come to Japan with her fiance.

Well, apparently she's been missing since the day after her fiance died.

MATSUDA : I'm sure that anyone in her situation would be pretty depressed. Was it …
AIZAWA : Suicide?

L : No. The Naomi Misora I knew was strong, not to mention, she was also an excellent FBI agent.
If anything, it's more likely she'd be trying to catch Kira.
If she came to Japan with Penber, it's possible that she may have found a lead.
If that's the case, did Kira manage to get to her first?
Everyone, at this point I'd like to focus our investigation on only those people who Raye Penber was tailing.
In particular he was assigned to two police officers and those closest to them.

SOUICHIRO : Very well. Who are these two individuals he was investigating?

L : Deputy Director Kitamura, along with Detective Superintendent Yagami and their families.

At this stage, I'd like to place wiretaps and surveillance cameras in both households.

Death Note > Chapter 8 Glare 「視線」　> Ch8-2 Handstand 「逆立」
(Light's room)
LIGHT: (reflection) I have to make sure there's no evidence left on this computer just in case someone goes through it.
Now I just have to hide these clippings from the death note in here.
RYUK: It seems like you're pretty skilled with your hands.
I bet you're pretty popular with the girls, aren't you?
LIGHT: Skill has nothing to do with it.
It's your looks that count.
I'm guessing you are not that popular, are you?
RYUK: Huh?
(L's room)
MATSUDA: Surveillance cameras, Ryuzaki?

AIZAWA: I don't see how you can even consider this.
If it got out, we'd have a civil rights scandal on our hands. We'd all lose our jobs.
L: You told me you'd be willing to risk your lives for this investigation, but you wouldn't risk your jobs?
SOUICHIRO: Ryuzaki, what are the odds of that Kira is in one of these households?
L: Maybe 10%, No, it's closer to 5%.
MATSUDA: Seriously? I'm sorry, but it's not worth the risk.
SOUICHIRO: No. Of all the people we've investigated so far, not one of them seemed even the least bit suspicious.
Even if there is only a 1% chance, we simply can't afford to ignore it.
MATSUDA: Chief?
SOUICHIRO: I don't have to tell you how offended I am to learn my family is under suspicion.
Having said that, just go ahead with it.
And make sure that you install them everywhere.
I don't want any blind spots in the house, and that includes the bathroom.
L: Thank you very much. That was my intention.
AIZAWA: Come on, chief. You don't have to agree to this.
MATSUDA: Yes, he's right. Think about your family.
You have a wife and a daughter at home, don't you?
SOUICHIRO: Yes, I'm well aware of that fact.
But there is no point in doing any of this if we can't be thorough.
Now I suggest you keep quiet.
MATSUDA: I'm sorry.
SOUICHIRO: No. It's OK.
SOUICHIRO: Excuse me.
L: As a courtesy to the chief and his family, only he and I will conduct surveillance on their home.
Watari, how long will it take to prepare the wiretaps and cameras we need?
WATARI: Well, starting tomorrow, I can set them up at any time provided we know when both houses will be empty.
(at the road)
BOY: See you later, Light.
LIGHT: Yeah. See tomorrow.
(At the entrance)
LIGHT: (reflection) What? No one's home yet?
I'm home.
LIGHT: Huh?
(Light's room)
RYUK: How's it going? I don't think anyone else is in the house right now, do you wanna play some video games?
C'mon. It's been a while. You listening? Hey, Light!
(L's room)
SOUICHIRO: I don't believe it.
I never knew he went to such great lengths.
What could he be hiding in there that he doesn't want anyone else to see.
L: For a 17-year-old kid, I wouldn't say this kind of behavior is particularly abnormal.
When I was his age, I did strange things, too.
Have you ever talked to your son about the investigation?
SOUICHIRO: Of course not. I've never once revealed classified information to my family.
Besides, I don't get to see them too often these days and usually as soon as I get home, all I can do is sleep.
L: I understand.

RYUK: Where exactly are we goin'?
Light, don't ignore me when I'm talking to you, or I'll get mad.
LIGHT: (reflection) Doesn't look like this clothes've been bugged.
I think we're safe.
LIGHT: Listen to me.
There's a very strong possibility that there are wiretaps and maybe surveillance cameras hidden throughout my house.
RYUK: Really? But that piece of paper was still in your door, wasn't it?
LIGHT: That's true, but I left the paper in the door in a way that would be obvious to anyone entering the room.
The real test is the handle.
RYUK: It is?
LIGHT: When that door's closed, the door handle automatically returns to a horizontal position and it won't go any higher than that.
But whenever I close the door, I adjust it slightly.
Instead of letting it sit horizontally, I lower it by about 5 mm.
When I get home and try to open the door, if the handle is all the way up, I can be fairly certain that someone was in my room.
That method alone doesn't tell me if my door was actually opened.
So I put a mechanical pencil lead in place as well.
RYUK: So, what do you do with it?
LIGHT: It goes on the hinge.
After I close the door, I take the pencil lead and rest it on the hinge in such a way that would break if the door happens to be opened by anyone.
Normally I take it out myself when I get back home.
When I got home from school today, I noticed that the pencil lead was broken.
RYUK: Now that you mention it, I do remember that.
LIGHT: First the door handle, then the lead. I know someone was in there today.
RYUK: Maybe it was your mother.
LIGHT: My family wouldn't have noticed the piece of paper.
What's suspicious is that someone took the time to put it back in the door.

CLERK: Hi, there. Can I help you?
RYUK: What's this all about?
Are you buying a book about wiretaps and surveillance so you can figure this mess out?
LIGHT: By the way, Ryuk. What about your apples?
RYUK: Apples? Ah!
That's right. Surveillance cameras.
Once the apple is in my mouth, no one can see it, but while I'm holding it, it looks like it's floating.
LIGHT: I thought so.
You told me that Shinigami can't die, so I guess it won't kill you to stop eating apples for a while.
RYUK: Oh, don't you think that a bit much, come on!
I never told you this, but apples are to me what cigarettes and alcohol are to humans.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I even get withdrawal symptoms.
LIGHT: Oh yeah? What kind of symptoms?
RYUK: My body gets all twisted, I do handstands.
It's not pretty.
LIGHT: I don't need to see that.
RYUK:I know.
LIGHT: OK. Here's the thing.
Unfortunately I already gave L the hint that Shinigami love apples, so I just can't afford to take the risk.
RYUK: When did you?
LIGHT: If it's so important for you to eat apples, you'll have to find out where all the cameras are hidden.
If you're lucky, you might find a blind spot where you can eat them without being seen.
All right. Let's go.
RYUK: Yeah. The camera search.
Sounds so interesting.


RYUK: Oh, I-I have to find the cameras.
SOUICHIRO: I can't believe my son's looking at those magazines.
L: It's normal for a 17-year-old.
But it seems contrived. It's too obvious.
The only reason he didn't want anyone in his room is because he has these magazines.
That's he wants us to think.
SOUICHIRO: Hey, that's my son you're talking about.
Are you honestly telling me that you suspect him?
L: I do suspect him.
That's why I placed wiretaps and surveillance cameras in your house and Deputy Director's house.
(Light's room)
RYUK: Ah? I've found a camera in the air conditioner.
LIGHT: (reflection) Hm, so they've really put cameras in here.
They must've bugged the place as well.
Even if this is a Kira case, I didn't think the Japanese police would ever go this far.
This must be L's idea.
Which means they've narrowed down their list of suspects.
By now they must've figured out that it was someone who Raye Penber was investigating or they wouldn't've gone to all this trouble.
LIGHT: Man, these covers mislead you all the time.
(reflection) No. Given the situation, it's safer if I just assume I'm their prime suspect and the only one being watched.
It'll be OK. Luckily I've prepared for this kind of situation.
SOUICHIRO: Oh, Light...
SAYU: Hey, Light. Come on! Dinner is ready!
RYUGA:(TV) I love you always.
SAYU: Uhh. Hideki Ryuga. I swear he's perfect!
How come no one in my class is like that?
SACHIKO: Sayu, just eat your dinner.
SAYU: I'll eat it later.
L: Hello, Mr. Aizawa.
Are the Kitamuras watching television now?
AIZAWA: Yes. He's not home, but the other four are watching while they eat dinner.
It's channel 4.
L: Watari, please contact the broadcasters and tell them to play our message.
WATARI: Very well. Understood.
(Light's house)
SAYU: Huh? What's this?
(reads) "ICPO? They are saying that in response to the Kira murders Interpol has decided to dispatch a force of 1,500 investigators to Japan.
The Investigators were drawn from law-enforcement agencies of its member nations.
1,500 investigators? Wow.
LIGHT: ( reflection ) Chances are that they've got cameras in the living room as well.
Regardless of whether this news is real or not, it's obvious they are just trying to evoke a reaction from me.
L, this is the exact same trick you used last time.
LIGHT: The ICPO sure is stupid.
SAYU: Huh?
LIGHT: I mean there's no point in making this announcement.
If they are gonna send all these people here to investigate, shouldn't they keep it a secret?
Even the FBI agents who were secretly investigating were killed by Kira.
Why, would this be any different?
If you ask me, this is nothing more than a desperate attempt to shock Kira in the hopes that he will reveal himself somehow.
Quite frankly, I wouldn't be surprised if Kira sees right through this.

L: Hmmm. Your son's clever, isn't he?
SOUICHIRO: Well, yes.
LIGHT: Thanks for dinner, Mom.
SAYU: You're eating a bag of chips? You just had dinner.
Your good looks are gonna go down the drain if you keep that up.
LIGHT: It's a late night snack for studying.
RYUK: I think that's it, Light.
I found every camera they put in the house.
I guess Shinigami get tired when they work hard.
Now let me explain where they all are.
It's a little bit complicated, so listen up.
There's nothing I hate more than explaining something twice.
LIGHT: All right. It's time for me to hit the books.
RYUK: There sure are a lot of cameras in this room.
I counted 64 in total.
I guess whoever put them here expected you to at least find some of them.
LIGHT: It has to be L.
He had no qualms about putting a death row inmate
in his place when he declared war on me.
It's pretty clear he doesn't know any limits.
RYUK: Oh, what I want to know is how am I gonna be able to eat apples.
LIGHT: (reflection) Obviously that's impossible now, isn't it?
RYUK: Oh, yeah. I guess you can't talk in here.
But we better discuss this outside tomorrow?
LIGHT: OK. I think I'm getting a hang on this now.
(reflection) Judging by the number of cameras he's planted, he's planning to make a decision within a short period of time.
Any normal person would slip under these circumstances.
But it won't be that easy with me, L.
This is the closest you get!
I've set things up so that criminals will continue to die over the next three weeks.
But L is aware by now that Kira can control the times of deaths of his victims.
Therefore, to avoid suspicion, L needs to see that criminals whose names are broadcast continue to die while I have no access to that information.
RYUK: Ahhhh. The symptoms are starting!
LIGHT: (reflection) I'm gonna show you, L.
With Ryuk's information and my preparations, I can continue to kill criminals whose names are broadcast on the news while masquerading as a typical high school student studying for his entrance exams.
Just watch me, L.
I'll solve equations with my right hand, and write names with my left.
I take a potato chip and eat it!

L: After dinner your son just goes back to studying without turning on the TV or his computer.

SOUICHIRO: It's because the entrance exams are 5 days away.

LIGHT: (reflection) Now a criminal who I should have no knowledge of will die of a heart attack in 40 seconds.
And the witness to my alibi is L himself.
All right. Just a little bit longer.

WATARI: Ryuzaki.
L: Yes, what is it, Watari?
WATARI: A few minutes ago, a bank clerk being questioned on suspicion of embezzlement and a purse snatcher being held in a detention center, were broadcast on the news, they both just died of sudden inexplicable heart attacks.
SOUICHIRO: It's him again!
L: While all that was happening, at your home, your wife and daughter were watching television.
When that was over they turned the TV off and didn't watch anything afterwards.
From just past 7:30 until now 11 o'clock, your son has done nothing but study.
Kira needs a name and a face. Without those he can't kill.
So I suppose anyone who didn't watch the news can't be Kira. right?
SOUICHIRO: You said it yourself.
That means my family has been cleared.
L: It doesn't make sense that Kira would kill two petty criminals right after their identities were broadcast.
SOUICHIRO: Huh.
L: I know it's only the first day after the cameras were installed, but Yagami household seems almost too innocent to me.
SACHIKO: Light, are you up yet?
LIGHT: Yeah. I'm awake.
SACHIKO: Today's garbage day, so if you got any, bring it down with you, OK?
LIGHT: What a pain!
SACHIKO: Oh, what are you talking about?
You usually say "there's no need to remind me, Mom"
LIGHT: Yeah, yeah.
Uhh. Another beautiful day.
RYUK: Well, I can't say for sure whether you're extremely generous or just a spoiled brat.
But didn't that mini LCD TV cost you 400 bucks?
MOM: Good morning.
  