
  --------- ＳＰＫ HQ ---------

NEAR： Mooove ooon!


RESTER： Near, if you don’t mind me asking, what do you make of all this?
I’m interested to hear what’s your thoughts are on this case.

NEAR： The current Kira is foolish and overconfident, not to mention unusually cooperated with the task force.
So much so that I suspect he’s working hand in hand with them.

RESTER： Do you think so?

NEAR： That would make the second L and Kira one and the same person.

RESTER： What?!
That can’t be, Near.
Are you serious?!

NEAR： Yes, I am.
Having said that, I’ll admit that I’m only 7% certain.
Don’t worry, Commander Rester.
Making assumptions is part of any investigation.
If we’re wrong, all it’d cost is an apology.


--------- JAPAN ---------

CHILD： There have been less crimes lately in Japan and around the world.
It’s because of Kira.
My Daddy told me that if you do something bad, your name will be written on the Internet and Kira will kill you.

“Your name, please.
Come on, I don’t have all day.
How am I supposed to file this report without you name?”

“You can give me a break.
Please, no my name!”


“Leave me alone, or I’ll up your names on the Internet!”


--------- NPA TASK FORCE ---------

DEMEGAWA on TV： I will proclaim this right here and now to all the people of the earth; Kira is true justice!
Good evening.
It’s my honor to be appointed by Kira as his spokesman.
This is not a hoax, it’s the absolute true!
I realize that there would be many people who might [have tried and may kill now].
Buuut, I am prepared to risk my life ….


AIZAWA： “Kira’s Kingdom,” huh.
What a horrible title.

IDE： This is insanity.


DEMEGAWA on TV： … to hear Kira’s voice.
Trying to capture Kira is an unforgivable crime!
If you happen to know ….


AIZAWA： If anybody deserves to be killed by Kira, it’s this guy.

MATSUDA： Oh, switch back to the press conference.
The president’s about to start.
I wonder what it’s about.
All they said was that it was gonna be some sort of international announcement.

RYUK： You don’t do anything but watch TV, do you?


PRESIDENT on TV： Good morning.
I’m gonna try to keep this brief.


AIZAWA： Huh?!

( LIGHT： No way …. )


PRESIDENT on TV： The United States will no longer oppose Kira.


LIGHT： [counts/cowards!]

( LIGHT： I’ve done it!
I’ve even brought America to its knees. )

AIZAWA： What, what the hell is he talking about?!

IDE： Have they been threatened or something?!


REPORTER on TV： Are you saying that Kira is justice?!

PRESIDENT on TV： Justice?
No, no, I’ve never said that.
But because of Kira, war and conflict have ceased to exist.
Criminal organizations are in a state of ruined not only in the United States but in all free nations.
Anyone who defies Kira head-on will be killed.
That is a fact.
We are not acknowledging Kira as a symbol of justice.
We are simply saying that, as a country, we will not take any actions against him.

REPORTER on TV： [How is that any fear threat/How is that any different?]!
You’re saying that you accept Kira?!
Explain yourself!
And you call yourself the representative of our country?!


AIZAWA： I can’t believe it!
This is America!
How can a government do something so cowardly like this?!

MATSUDA： Eh, do you guys mind if I ask a serious question?

IDE： Ah boy, what is it this time?

AIZAWA： Are you telling us you’re not always serious?

MATSUDA： Do you guys ever think that maybe Kira isn’t completely evil?

AIZAWA： What?!

IDE： What kind of question is that, Matsuda?!

MATSUDA： I’ve been thinking about it, and part of me just doesn’t believe that he is.

AIZAWA： So now you think Kira is justice, too?!

MATSUDA： I don’t really know, but I think that Kira is trying to fight evil and change the world in his own way.
And, well, the world’s become a good place for people who live honest lives, so, maybe ….

AIZAWA： You’re wrong, Matsuda!
People are only afraid of losing their own lives!
How can you think that’s a real peace?

MATSUDA： I understand that.
Believe me, I know that as well as you.
It’s just that I can also understand the other side.
I can see why all those people call Kira a savoir.
I’m not like you.
When it comes down to it, I’ve always been a really weak person.
But I’m also a detective.
I can’t accept Kira.
I know it’s my duty to catch him.
No, I want to catch him.
It’s just that I can’t completely hate him, either.
I guess I must be … crazy or something, huh?

LIGHT： No, you’re not crazy.
You’re normal.

AIZAWA： You too, Light?!
What’re you talking about?!

LIGHT： I’m sure that, on some level, Kira probably knows that what he’s doing is evil.
But he’ll try to change the world even as a murderer at the cost of his soul.
That’s his brand of justice.
I’d bet that’s what’s going through Kira’s mind.
Anyway, we shouldn’t be arguing about it.
Good or evil, it’s not our call.
All we have to think about is catching him.
If Kira gets caught, then that makes him evil.
But if he wins and rules the world, then I guess he’s justice.


( LIGHT： But from now on, the world will start leaning in favor of Kira.
It’s only a matter of time.
Kira will be justice. )


--------- SPK HQ ---------

GEVANNI： What’s going to happen to us now?

NEAR： It looks like we’ve been disbanded thanks to that chicken of a president.
No, he’s not even a chicken.
He’s less than a maggot.

( NEAR： You’ve got to be kidding.
There is no way accepting Kira will lead to anything good. )


--------- LIDNER’S ROOM ---------

LIDNER： Huh?!
So, you’re alive.


--------- ＳＰＫ HQ ---------

RESTER： Near!
What should we do?

NEAR： Let him in.


- Mello and Lidner appear -

NEAR： Mello, welcome.

RESTER： Drop your weapon!

NEAR： … Everyone, please put away your guns.
Having a shoot-out here would achieve nothing.

GEVANNI： Sir, with all due respect, Mello is the one who killed our partners.

NEAR： Please don’t make me say it again.
Remember that our primary objective is still to catch Kira.
Killing Mello right now will do nothing to benefit on our investigation.

RESTER： All right.


MELLO： It seems like things’ve been going just as you planned, Near.

NEAR： Yes.
I take it you’ve already heard all about the second L from Lidner by now.
I’ve pretty much figured out who Kira is and it’s mostly thanks to everything you’ve done.

MELLO： Shut up, Near!
I’m not just a tool for you to use in order to solve your puzzles, you know!

NEAR： Mello, if you really wanna shoot me, then go ahead and do it.


LIDNER： Stop!
If you shoot him then the rest of us will have no choice but to shoot you, too!
What will it solve if both of you die?
That’s just what Kira wants.

MELLO： Hm, you have a good point.
Anyway, I’m only here for one thing.
I came to take back that photograph you have.

NEAR： Of course.
I got it from the orphanage.
It was only one and no copies have been made.
I’ve already gone ahead to deal with everyone who knows your face both inside and outside Wammy’s House.
They’ll keep quiet.
I can’t say 100% for certain but it shouldn’t be possible for you to be killed by the notebook.
Is that the only business you have with me, Mello?

MELLO： Hm, Near ….


MELLO： … Let’s get one thing straight.
I have no intention of working together with you on this.

NEAR： Yes, I know.

MELLO： At the same time, I can’t just take my photo and leave, that wouldn’t be right.
So I'll settle my debt.

NEAR： Hm?

MELLO： The killer notebook, it belongs to a Shinigami.
Whoever touches it is able to see a God of death.

NEAR： Ha ….

RESTER： That’s crazy.

GEVANNI： Who the hell would believe in something like that?!

NEAR： I would.
I believe him completely.
What good would it do for him to tell an outrageous lie like that?
Even if he had something to gain, he could at least come up with a more believable story.
Therefore, these Gods of death must exist.

MELLO： The notebook I obtained had previously belonged to another Shinigami, perhaps even Kira himself.
Also, some of the rules written inside are actually fake.
That’s all I can tell you for now.


MELLO： Near.

NEAR： Mello.

MELLO： Which of us is gonna reach Kira first, I wonder.

NEAR： The race is on.

MELLO： We’re both headed towards the same destination.
I’ll be waiting for you.

NEAR： (laugh) … Right.


--------- ＳＰＫ HQ ---------

( NEAR： Fake rules.
There’s no doubt that the notebook can cause heart attacks and control its victims to a degree.
As for burning it or tearing it up, the notebook still exists so there’s no way to confirm the rule one way or the other.
That means ….
The false rule must be the one it states, “A person will die if he doesn’t write a name within 13 days.” )


NEAR： Gevanni.
Please set up a connection to L.

GEVANNI： Yes, sir.


--------- NPA TASK FORCE ---------

- bleep –

MATSUDA： It’s Near!


LIGHT： Yes.

NEAR： L, I thought you should know that we’d caught Mello.


EVERYONE： Huh?!


NEAR： But he escaped soon afterwards.
We were able to interrogate him for a while.

LIGHT： He didn’t really escape, did he?
You let him get away, am I right?

NEAR： No.
We tried to restrain him but he was too quick.
Anyway, Mello mentioned that there was some sort of Shinigami attached to the notebook.
Have you been able to confirm the existence of such a creature?

LIGHT： Yes.
I can tell you for a fact that Shinigami do exist.
I didn’t share that information with you at the beginning because I was certain you would never believe me.

NEAR： I would like to ask the Shinigami a few questions.


RYUK： Forget it.
I’m not up for that.


NEAR： The thing that’s bothering me the most about this is the issue of those rules written in the notebook.
I have a reason to believe that one of them is fake.

LIGHT： A fake rule?

NEAR： Yes.
L, I’ve been interested to hear your thoughts on this.
Out of all the rules, which do you think is the fake?
I’d like to know.


( LIGHT： Hmm. )


LIGHT： By a process of elimination, the obvious choice would be the one stating, “The owner of a notebook will die if they don’t write a new name in every 13 days.”
I don’t believe that.

NEAR： I thought you might say so.
I’ve reached the same conclusion.


( LIGHT： Hmmm. )


LIGHT： Shinigami, you know the rules of the notebook well.
Tell us, are there any false?

RYUK： No! They are all real.


NEAR： I see.
You have a Shinigami there with you?

LIGHT： Yes.

NEAR： Is that so ….
I think I’m beginning to get a picture.
In other words, Kira is there in the room and he is making the Shinigami lie on his behalf.


( RYUK： Wow!
This guy is good!
He nailed it! )


MATSUDA： I don’t get what it means.
So, what if the Shinigami is lying and the rule is fake?
It doesn’t really change anything, does it?

AIZAWA： Yes, it does.
It means that Light’s incarceration would be meaningless.
The rule says you’ll die if you don’t continue writing names.
But if that’s false, being alive after more than 13 days in confinement wouldn’t really prove anything.

MATSUDA： But, even if that’s true, it does mean he’s guilty.
Besides, there’s no way that Light can be Kira!
Before he passed away, the deputy director himself was able to confirm that he didn’t have a notebook.


NEAR： If there is a problem, I suggest we verify the rule this way; I will volunteer to write down Mello’s real name in the notebook.


EVERYONE： Huh?!


NEAR： Of course, that means he’ll die.
If I also die 13 days later, well, then I guess Kira wins.
Either way, it’s a gamble I’m quite willing to make.


MATSUDA： What?!
So this is just a game to him?!


NEAR： Testing and confirming the 13-day rule can only benefit to the Kira investigation.
And, other than my possible death, there would be no drawbacks.
I’m willing to put my life on the line if it will help us solve the case.

( LIGHT： If I answer him based on my feelings alone, it’ll only make me look worse to everyone. )

LIGHT： Could you please wait for a moment?
We need to discuss your suggestion.


LIGHT： OK, what are your thoughts?
We can say that we must respect human life, and deny this request.
But I can’t suggest that.
I’m the one under suspicion.

MATSUDA： It’s a tough call.
Mello killed the deputy director.
If Near’s willing, I wouldn’t stop him.

IDE： I’m against the idea myself.
I don’t believe that Kira is hiding among us.
We can’t use the notebook no matter what happens.

AIZAWA： We should respect the deputy director’s wishes to the end.

MOGI： I feel the same.
I’m opposed to the test.

LIGHT： Hm.


LIGHT： Near, we’ve talked it over and we can’t allow you to use the notebook like that.

NEAR： I had a feeling you might say so.
No matter.
Just one last question before I go, to the members of the Japanese task force.
Was there ever a point in the investigation where the second L was suspected to be Kira even if the suspicion was later dropped?
If you’ve been listening to our conversations so far and have any intention of helping my investigation in taking down Kira, then call the number I’m about to give you.
Day or night, I will answer.
The choice is up to you.


( AIZAWA： There is no way that Light could be Kira.
No, it’s more like I don’t wanna believe he is Kira.
But, if the 13-day rule is fake, then we really can’t say for sure that he is innocent.
This could change everything. )

RYUK： Ha ha ha ha!

( LIGHT： Near …!
I have to kill him!! )


--------- WHITE HOUSE ---------

PRESIDENT： Yes, hello?

KIRA： This is Kira.

PRESIDENT： Is this a joke?

KIRA： If you want a proof, I can read out a list of people I’m going to punish tomorrow.
That way, you can check it and make your final decision afterwards.
Mr. President, I’m very grateful that you and your country have sympathized with me.
But I’m afraid even that much isn’t enough.
The SPK is still try to catch me despite your recent announcement.
I want you to stop them immediately and formally just ban them.
At the same time, I want you to use the American police, the CIA, the FBI, and all other law enforcement organization that you are disposable to find out where the SPK members are currently hiding.
As soon as you found their base of operations, I want you to forward that information to a third party.
I will give you this contact shortly.
Mr. President, whether you live a long life or not is up to you.
Don’t forget that.

PRESIDENT： I understand.


--------- NARITA AIRPORT ---------

REPORTER： Mr. Demegawa!
Please, wait a minute!
Why are you going to New York?

DEMEGAWA： We are going to crush an organization that dares to defy Kira.
It’ll be on live TV.
This is a direct order from Kira and it came to the president of the United States himself!
I don’t know what’s gonna happen when we get there!
And I don’t even know what I’m saying anymore and I don’t really care!
Sakura TV’s rating is gonna rocket to a 100, no 120% for this special!
Ha ha ha ha!
C’mon everyone!
The new age of Kira is about to arrive!


--------- NPA TASK FORCE ---------

( AIZAWA： The previous L was suspicious of Light.
But if Light is Kira and I just come out and say we should investigate him again, I’ll probably end up dead just like L.
That won’t solve anything.
The 13-day rule, huh. )

IDE： Aizawa.

AIZAWA： Huh?

IDE： We have a long history.
I can tell exactly what you’re thinking about and what’s bothering you.
Between you and me, you should go ahead and do what you think is right.
I didn’t trust L to begin with.
I never did, to be honest.
I didn’t sign up to join the Kira task force because Light was running it, I joined because I wanted to work with you.

AIZAWA： Ide.
All right.
I’ll see if I can contact Near without letting Light know.

IDE： OK.
I’ll make sure that no one knows what you are doing.
You can count on me.

- Light entered –

( AIZAWA： Light, I really want to believe that you’re not Kira. )


- slam! –

MATSUDA： This is really bad!
Turn on the TV!
It’s Demegawa!


DEMEGAWA on TV： This is Demegawa, live.
My comrade and I have finally pinpointed the hideout of the evil organization bent on trying to catch our beloved God Kira!
We now have the building completely surrounded!

PEOPLE on TV： C’mon now!
Break down the door!

DEMEGAWA on TV： Right now, our enemies appear to be hiding within the building!
But they won’t be able to hide from us for long!
Behold the power of the people!
The power of justice!


- MISA： As soon as Near escapes, I’m gonna write his name in the notebook.
Don’t worry Light, I won’t let you down.


--------- ＳＰＫ HQ ---------

RESTER： At this rate, we would be dragged outside unless we stop them somehow.

- bleep –

NEAR： L ….


LIGHT： What’s going on, Near?
Could it be that this is some sort of plot by Mello to finish off the SPK?
No.
Surely it couldn’t be that the SPK’s security was so lax that an even normal citizen could find out where it was located.

( NEAR： Damn it!
He is lying through his teeth! )

( LIGHT： I win, Near. )
  