
  OOI： Well then, let’s begin tonight’s meeting.


LIGHT： They’re supposed to be eight of them, but only seven are present.
That must mean that ….

L： They probably killed one of their members.


OOI： In order to further the growth of the Yotsuba Group and [to/thus] serve its financial interests, who should we kill next?


EVERYONE： Huh!!

MATSUDA： You see?!
It’s just like I told you last week!

( L： This is not good.
At this rate …. )


OOI： But before we get to that, there are several topics that we need to discuss.
First, there is the issue of Hatori’s death.

NAMIKAWA： That was unavoidable.
To be honest, in [the/a] certain stance, I’m relieved that Hatori’s dead.
Kira has demonstrated that we must be committed to these meetings.
We now know what’ll happen if we try to leave.

OOI： I think we all understand what Hatori’s death means for the rest of us.
Let’s not take it lightly.
Now, moving on.
Our next topic is Elardo Coil’s report.


YAGAMI： Huh?!
One of their members just died and that’s all they are going to say?


HIGUCHI： So, did we really pay 5,000,000 dollars for this report?
I mean, come on, look at this!
He hasn’t found out anything important about L like his name or his face!
Is this Coil guy seriously going to be even useful to us?

OOI： Hold on a second.
There is something very interesting in the last part of this report.
Coil’s warning us that we can’t afford to take L’s existence too lightly.
In particular, it says that concentration of killings that are beneficial to Yotsuba will likely be noticed by L if they continue on Fridays and Saturdays.

MIDOU： Sounds like this Elardo Coil has figured out what we’ve been up to.
I admit he’s quite impressive.
At any rate, I personally think we should stop killing every weekend.


MATSUDA： This is unbelievable!
It’s like they’re trying to confess everything.

YAGAMI： Hm.
As long as we have this video as evidence, we could probably arrest all seven of them.

( L： This is not good. )


HIGUCHI： Kira hasn’t been flexible up till now, has he?
It would be nice if he could spread out his killings over the whole week.

MIDOU： The fact that Coil noticed what we’ve been up to makes it too dangerous to continue killing at our usual pace.
Form now on, we have to be even more careful and make sure that nobody else happens to notice a trend in these deaths.

OOI： Now, on to the main topic.
Who should we kill?

MIDOU： I think we should focus on ELF Insurance.
If they expand into the Japanese market, Yotsuba and many other companies will lose valuable clients to them.

KIDA： Agreed.

OOI： All right.
Any objections to killing these people from ELF with accidental deaths?

EVERYONE on the screen： No objections.


LIGHT： Is this for real?
How can they do this so easily?


OOI： Another potential candidate is Sentaro Zenzai; a member of the Kugisawa Group.
He’s been protesting Yotsuba’s resort development plans.
Zenzai’s known to have high blood pressure so we can designate a time for him to suffer a stroke resulting in a natural death.
Any objections?

EVERYONE on the screen： No objections.


LIGHT： Kira, deaths by accident, by disease, designated times of deaths.
It’s all just as we suspected!!
We were right!

L： No.
Unfortunately, we can only be completely sure after those people they’ve named are dead.
We will continue to monitor these meetings and take note of what they say, how they act, and, most importantly, whether the people they choose actually die.
If we can confirm the connection between their plans and the deaths, then we’ll definitely be able to catch Kira.

Light & YAGAMI： Ryuzaki!!!

L： Eh, oh, what is it?
There’s no need to yell in unison.

LIGHT： I can’t carry on knowing these people will die!
That’s just immoral!

YAGAMI： Right!

( L： Here comes …. )

LIGHT： I know you’re planning to catch Kira by letting these guys actually carry out these murders, but we can’t let that happen!!

YAGAMI： That’s right!
It’s obvious that these seven men are behind the killings.
With Matsuda’s testimony and this footage we’ve recorded, we have all the evidence.

L： You’re making this difficult.
If we were to take action now, everything we’ve done will go to waste.


OOI： So what would you say we take care of the ELF in three weeks and, as for Zenzai, we’ll ask Kira to kill him this weekend.

EVERYONE： No objections.


YAGAMI： If that’s what they are going to do, then there is not much time left.
Light, we already know the phone numbers of these board members, don’t we?

LIGHT： Yeah.

YAGAMI： I don’t care who we call.
I need to reach one of these men and have them stop these murders.

L： Please hold on.
That will cause suspicion.
It would mean the investigation caught up to them three days after they were contacted by Aiber.
Also, it would make it far more unlikely that we will be able to discover who the real Kira might be.
We can’t afford such a huge setback seeing how far we’ve come.
In order to catch Kira, we are going to need some solid proof.

LIGHT： … Ryuzaki, if one of these seven men is in fact Kira, would it be safe to say that if I try calling one of them, the odds of that person actually being Kira is going to be one in seven?

L： I’m thinking there could be more than one Kira among them; a probability of two in seven at most.

LIGHT： If we were prepared to let them know that the investigation is catching up to them, let’s place our bets on these odds.
Ryuzaki, I’m going to pose as L.
Judging from their conversation so far, the one least likely to be Kira but with the most influence is ….

Light & L： Namikawa.
MATSUDA： It’s Ooi!
Er ….

L： If you’re gonna make a call, please use this phone.
It’s set up so it can’t be traced or tapped.


--------- YOTSUBA ---------

HIGUCHI： You know, this will all go a lot faster if we kill off the execs of our rival companies [be done with it].

MIDOU： Ah, that would be going a little too far.

OOI： Why?
We can kill them and split their holdings.

- blip -

LIGHT： Is this Reiji Namikawa, head of the Yotsuba Group’s marketing department?

NAMIKAWA： Hm, yes.
And who is this?

LIGHT： Listen carefully but don’t draw attention to yourself.
I am L.

NAMIKAWA： !!

LIGHT： I’ve placed cameras and wiretaps surround that meeting room.
Even as I speak, I’m recording footage of your entire meeting.
The first thing you discussed was Hatori’s death.
Now you are debating who to kill next, am I correct?

( NAMIKAWA： He’s been watching everything! )

LIGHT： If you are not Kira or if you are not someone who can contact Kira directly, let’s make a deal.

( NAMIKAWA： A deal? )

LIGHT： I need you to delay the deaths of ELF’s president and Mr. Zenzai by one month.
I got it won’t be difficult for someone [in your/if you're] standing to accomplish that.

NAMIKAWA： Yes.
Yes, I see.
Right.
Eh, go on.

LIGHT： If you complete your end of the deal and cooperate with our requests, from now on, the your crimes, no, not just yours but everyone’s crimes with the exception of Kira’s will be [pardoned], based on the premise that Kira blackmailed you into participating in these meetings.

NAMIKAWA： I see.
OK.

( NAMIKAWA： My only option is to join L!
No!
I’d be dead if Kira manages to find out!
What should I do?! )

LIGHT： If you tell the others about this call, they will panic.
It would be of no advantage to you.
Everyone would be arrested immediately.
But that’s not my intention.
I’m planning to go one-on-one against Kira.
Listen.
If I win against Kira, you’ll be acquitted of all charges.
If Kira wins, then you’ll be free to carry on [natural] comfortable life.
Just play along with both parties.
Staying on the sidelines would be best.
You’re not in a position to lose anything regardless of who wins in the end.
You would only be at a loss if I decided to arrest you right here and now.

( NAMIKAWA： Damn it!
He already knew what answer I would have given. )

LIGHT over the line： That’s all for now.

NAMIKAWA： Right, I’ll see you on Monday then.

- blip –

OOI： What’s going on, Namikawa?
Who was that?

NAMIKAWA： Oh, one of my men screwed up again and I’ll have to fix it on Monday.
Anyway, sorry for the interruption.
Let’s get back on topic.
We were discussing when we should kill Zenzai and the men from ELF.
Here’s what I’m thinking.
We’ll give Coil one month to reveal L’s identity.
If still he hasn’t uncovered the information we need, then we can go ahead and kill the targets randomly.
Then, we’ll give him another month to investigate.
And repeat the process.
Once we get rid of L permanently, we can go back to killing two or three people a week.
In other words, our top priority should be the elimination of L.

MIDOU： I see.
Once we kill L. there won’t be anything standing in our way.
But until then, we need to be careful.

OOI： Right.
Sounds like a reasonable plan to me.
We need to be extremely careful if we don’t wanna get caught.
Then, we are in agreement.
We’ll give Coil one month.

EVERYONE： Agreed.

( NAMIKAWA： L, this should satisfy you for now. )

OOI： We’ll still be meeting on a weekly basis.
That is all.


--------- TASK FORCE HQ ---------

L： That went well.

LIGHT： Yeah.

L： You really are quite amazing, Light.
Not only did you manage to delay the killings but you also set up Namikawa’s potential more for us.
Sounded [exactly right] the sort of thing I would do.
And you thought of it quicker than I did.
At this rate, if I end up dying somehow, it’s quite possible that you would be capable of succeeding me.

LIGHT： What?!
Why you’ve been so morbid?
There isn’t time for that.
We only have a month to figure out Kira’s identity and gather evidence against him to prove it!
This is only the beginning.

L： Yes, but you were the one who first noticed the connection between Yotsuba and Kira.
You actually might be more capable than I am.
I honestly believe you could take this own.

LIGHT： Huh?

L： Tell me.
If I should die, would you take over for me as L?

( L： If he is Kira and just playing innocent, he’s sure to say yes. )

LIGHT： What are you talking about?
As long as we are joined by these, we would die together anyway.
… Huh?!
I see.
Ryuzaki, I’m sorry but I’m gonna have to tell everyone what you’re really thinking right now.
He thinks that if I am Kira, then there are two possibilities either I’m just pretending I’m not him and putting on an act or Kira’s power has passed on from me to someone else and I have no memory that I was ever Kira in the first place.
He’s trying to determine which, if either, is the truth.
The first theory, if I am putting on an act, he will never remove these handcuffs.
No, even if I wasn’t pretending to be innocent, I’m sure he still wouldn’t take them off.
Ryuzaki still believes that I’m Kira.
Even if that power’d been passed to someone else, he thinks that I would have planned to have it return to me once I’m safe from suspicion.
In other words, I wasn’t being controlled at all.
He thinks it was a plan to pass on the power and arrange for to come back to me once I’ve been cleared.

L： Impressive.
You figured out exactly what I’ve been thinking all this time.

LIGHT： Ryuzaki’s theory is that once I steal L’s title, I would become Kira again.

L： Correct.

LIGHT： Taking on the identity of L having the power to control the police in every country while being Kira in secret.
It’s ideal.
And you are thinking I could do it, no, that I would do it.
That’s what you’re saying, isn’t it?

L： Yes.

LIGHT： But what about now?
I told you I don’t want your title.
That should prove even to you that I’m not putting on an act, shouldn’t it?!

L： If this is all an act and you are trying to steal my identity, there’s no chance you would be foolish enough to reveal your plan in front of everyone.
Won’t you agree?

LIGHT： Ryuzaki ….

L： Huh?

LIGHT： Do you think that I’m actually capable of becoming a murderer, Kira?
Even after I help you catch him?
Do I seem like that kind of person to you?

L： Yes, you do.
I’ve always thought so.

EVERYONE： Ah ….

YAGAMI： Not again!

MATSUDA： OK, [play get up]!
Once is enough!
It was a draw so let’s just leave that as even match, OK?!

LIGHT： Yeah, you’re right.
Anyway, let’s focus on catching the Kira that’s in front of us right now.
As long as I have the handcuffs on, you shouldn’t have any complaints.

L： I suppose so.
We only have a month so there’s no time to get distracted.


YAGAMI： Ryuzaki.

L： Yes?

YAGAMI： We have plenty of footage from this meeting.
Can’t we use that as evidence against those seven men and prevent the murders of other criminals?

( L： Here we go again. )

L： Unfortunately, no.

YAGAMI： But why?!

L： At the moment, we’re not certain if Kira is among those seven men.
If all they have is a tenuous connection with him, then Kira will kill them as soon as they are arrested.
We have to be absolutely sure that Kira is among them so there is no point in detaining them now.
And even if he does turn out to be one of them, it would still be quite difficult to determine who the [culprit] is.
I believe it’s still far too early for us to make our move.

YAGAMI： Hold on.
At the same time, we can’t say that he is definitely not among the seven.
That means there’s a chance the killings would stop if we take this opportunity to arrest them!

LIGHT： I think Dad’s right.
There is a chance.
We have to act on it.

L： Excuse me, But I think from now on, I should go after Kira by myself.
You can use these headquarters as you wish.
I’ll also be here but we will be working independently.
You can conduct your investigation under your own direction.
Feel free to arrest those men if you like.
I would be carrying on my own investigation.
We’ll only get into arguments if we don’t split up and act separately at this point.
This is for the best.

YAGAMI： Are you saying you’re going to figure out who Kira is by any means necessary?

L： Yes.
This case will never be solved unless we capture Kira himself.
Don’t get me wrong.
I wouldn’t say that preventing more deaths is pointless.
But if we don’t uncover the entire truth once and for all, Kira will only appear again and a number of victims will continue to increase.
That’s why I believe it’s more important to find out who Kira really is.
As I’ve been saying, I’m opposed to arresting those seven men.
If you want to do so, then you’ll have to take responsibility for it.
I will pursue Kira on my own.
We only have one month!
I wonder who will succeed.

LIGHT： What, Ryuzaki, where are you going?

L： To Amane’s room.
Sorry, I know you are on your father’s side in all this, but I can’t remove these handcuffs.
I’m afraid you’re gonna have to come on with me.


--------- MISA’S ROOM ---------

MISA： Light!!
I didn’t know we were supposed to have a date!
All right, I should have known.

L： Misa Amane.

LIGHT： Wow!

L： Tell me.
Do you love Light from the bottom of your heart?

MISA： Huh?
Ah, yeah!!
Of course I do.

L： But you also worship Kira, don’t you?

MISA： Woo, yeah.

L： So then, if you had to choose between Light and Kira, who would you pick?

MISA： What?!
That’s obvious!
Of course it’s gonna be Light!!
I’m really grateful to Kira, I want to meet him someday in person, but that’s not true love.
I definitely choose Light.

L： But your precious Light is planning to catch Kira.
Isn’t that right?

LIGHT： Well, yes, of course I am.

L： He says he wants to catch Kira.
Now, what will you do?

MISA： Well, if that’s what Light says, then I’m gonna support him no matter what.

L： I see.
So if you were given the opportunity to work with Light on this investigation, would you take the offer?

LIGHT： What?!
Ryuzaki …!

MISA： Yeah!
Of course I would.
I do anything I could to help Light.

LIGHT： Wait!
Hold on a second.
Where are you going with this?

L： I’m panning to have Aiber pose as Elardo Coil again.
He’ll tell the Yotsuba members that while he was investigating L, he discovered that Misa Amane might know who he is.
He’ll also tell them that L brought her [into] question [about] the suspicion that she was the second Kira.

MISA： That part is true.

L： If the Yotsuba Group believes that Misa could be their lead to finding L, then though they said they want to meet her to discuss their advertising campaign, they’ll use that opportunity to question her.
Thanks to Matsuda’s screwup, they may already be considering Misa as their new spokesperson so this could work.

MISA： Yeah, right!

LIGHT： We can’t do that.

MISA： Why not?

LIGHT： This plan is too risky.
Who knows what could happen to you?

MISA： Would that mean you are worried about me?!
Yey!!
But don’t worry, I won’t mind doing something like this if it’s for you, Light.

LIGHT： Listen, Misa.
If they suspect that you might know who L really is, we don’t know how far they would be willing to go to get that information.

MISA： No problemo!
I promise I won’t say anything even if they torture me!

L： I can attest that.

LIGHT： But Kira can control his victim’s actions before their death!
There is a good chance he might try to manipulate her and reveal what she knows and then kill her!
Also, if he does manage to kill L, he won’t have any use for Misa.
He’ll kill her to keep her silent!

MISA： Ah, I don’t like the sound of that.

L： Light.
You forget that if we win against Kira, Misa won’t die.
Besides, as long as we are handcuffed together, you and I share the same fate.
If I die, so will you.
If that happens, Misa is the one who would grieve most of all.
Either we lose and both die together or we successfully catch Kira.
Which is it?!

MISA： We catch Kira!!!
I would never dream about living in the world without Light.

L： Yes, that would be dark.

LIGHT： Cut it out!!
This is just crazy!!

L： But we’re running out of time.
And I’m starting to get desperate.
As for Misa Amane, I’ve turned to her because I know her bravery and love for you is boundless.

MISA： Do you really mean it?
Oh no, I think I totally misunderstood you all this time.
I even called you a pervert.
But you actually do understand how I feel, don’t you?

L： Yes!
Misa is indisputably the most perfect and worthy woman for Light.

MISA： Yey!!
You such a sweetie!!
Thank you Ryuzaki!

L： I could actually fall for you.

MISA： Let’s not go that far.
But you could maybe be a friend of mine.
Would that be OK?

L： Yes.
So now I’ve gained [the/yet] another friend.

MISA： Yeah, of course.
Any friend of Light’s is a friend of mine as well.
Ha ha ha ha …, let’s all be friends together …!
And of course, I would never think of betraying any of my friends.
With our powers combined, we’ll arrest Kira!!

L： Unfortunately, Light’s taking a different investigative approach from us.
He’ll be working with his father and the others.
I’m afraid it would just be you and I.

MISA： Huh?!
What’s about that?!

LIGHT： C’mon L, now you are just playing dirty.
You’re leaving me with no other choice but to join your ….

L： No, that’s quite all right.

MISA： What are you talking about?
Of course he’ll be joining us.

LIGHT： That’s not it, either!
I’ve been opposed to this investigation since the beginning!
It’s too dangerous for her!!

MISA： Oh Light, you’re so sweet.
Thank you for worrying about me.
But please let me do this.
I want to be useful to you somehow.
If I can be useful, then maybe you’ll love me even more.


--------- TASK FORCE HQ ---------

Misa on the screen： And besides, I would gladly die if it were for you, Light.

YAGAMI： [Figuring out it’ll just excel] arresting seven people is going to be challenging.
I don’t suppose you two have any ideas, Mogi, Matsuda?
  