
Shinigami A: What? A pair of sleeping skulls?
Shinigami B: Hehe. I win again. No hard feelings, right?
Shinigami A: Hey there, Ryuk. Would it kill you to join us? You should come play with us for a change.
Ryuk: No. I'll pass.
Teacher: Listen for the voice of God then follow it, and know that in time you will find your salvation.
Yagami, are you still with us? Can you please translate the following sentence into English?
Light: Follow the teachings of God and receive his blessings, and so it shall be that the seas will again become bountiful, and the raging storms will subside.
Announcer: Today, at approximately 11 a.m., a thirty-two-year-old man was found stabbed to death in his apartment in the city of Yokohama, Kanagawa prefecture. Kanagawa police are treating this case as homicide.
In other news. Today, suspected murderer, Naoki Kokuji, was arrested in the district of Shibuya, Tokyo. He is being held in custody facing murder charges for the brutal slaying of his common-law partner, who was only twenty five at the time of her death.
Light: Day in and day out. The same news on permanent repeat.
Ryuk: This is all so ridiculous.
Light: This world is...
Ryuk: Rotten.

Teacher: Another noticeable consequence's the extinction of many species on the planet.
Species are now becoming extinct at a faster rate than has ever occurred in our recorded history...
Light: Death note? As in a notebook of death? Hmm.
How to use it. "The human whose name is written in this notebook shall die."
It's pretty lame,not to mention twisted. It's really not that different from one of those chain letters you get. The human whose name is written in this notebook shall die? C'mon.
Light: There must be something wrong with me to even consider it.
Light: "This note will not take effect unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing his or her name. Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected. "
"If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen. "
"If the cause of death is not specified, the person will simply die of a heart attack. "
"After writing the cause of death, details of the death should be written in the next 6 minutes and 40 seconds. "
So, depending on the person you have in mind, you can either kill them easily or painfully, huh?
This is pretty detailed for a prank, I'll give them that.
Light: So, I write a name and that person dies. Like anyone would believe that.
Light: Wait. On the off chance someone really dies, would that make me a murderer? Yeah, right. It's completely impossible.
Announcer: The same assailant who attacked six people at a busy shopping district in Shinjuku yesterday has struck again, taking eight people hostage at this daycare center. His captives include both children and teachers. The police have now identified the suspect as forty-two-year-old Kurou Otoharada, currently unemployed. We expect negotiations to begin immediately.
Light: A heart attack in forty seconds. We'll see.
Announcer: At the present time, that's all the police are telling us.
Female announcer: You can't help but feel concerned for the safety of those hostages.
Announcer: You're absolutely right. We'll continue to monitor the situation from here.
Female announcer: Thank you for that report. What do you make of this, Mr. Hashimoto?
Hashimoto: Well, one can only hope for a quick resolution to this situation.
Light: Looks like the notebook doesn't work. Oh, well. I didn't expect it to, anyway.
Female announcer: Wait. We are seeing something here. Looks like movement at the front entrance.
Announcer: The hostages are coming out. And they all look to be unharmed! The special forces are taking action, they are moving in! We don't know if the suspect's been arrested. Huh? Yes? OK, we now have confirmation. The suspect has been found dead inside. I repeat, the suspect is now dead!
Light: Dead?
Announcer: The special forces are denying allegations that they shot the suspect.
Female announcer: So it's quite possible he was feeling cornered and decided to commit suicide?
Announcer: Well. According to statements from the hostages, the suspect just suddenly collapsed.
Light: A heart attack? No way. It's coincidence. This has to be a coincidence.
Mom: Light! It's already 6:30, you know. Don't you have cram school tonight?
Light: Yeah. I'll be ready in just a sec.
Death note. It's unlikely but if by chance this thing is for real? I have to test it one more time. In which case, it should probably be another criminal. But... if he's too well-known, that'll be a problem. If he dies, there's a good possibility that news of his death would be covered up. I need to see results right away.
Sudou: Hey, Ryo, buddy.
Ryo: What is it, Sudou?
Sudou: Didn't you want to lend me 20 dollars?
Ryo: What? Again? But I can't do that.
Light: Sudou. Maybe I should try killing him? No. I should definitely avoid killing people I know.
Then again, does it even really matter? I mean, would anyone really care if a guy like him was to disappear one day?
Sudo: Sweet! Looks Iike we will be hanging at the arcade after school.
Girl A: We're having a speed-dating party tomorrow. You wanna come?
Girl B: Yeah. Of course.
Girl C: Oh. There's no way I'm missing that.
Boy: Damn it! Why is my mom so useless? She's never here to pick me up on time.
Light: Once you actually start looking around, it makes you wonder if you'd be doing society a favor by getting rid of all these people.
Shibuimaru: Hey, baby! Where are you going? Come and have a little fun with us.
Punk: That's our Taku for ya. This guy can spot a hottie a mile away.
Shibuimaru: What's up, little lady? The name's Takuo Shibuimaru. What do you say? Come hang out with us, pretty lady.
Girl: Please. I don't want any trouble.
Punk: You hear that? She doesn't want trouble.
Shibuimaru: Isn't that cute!
Girl: Ah...No...
Shibuimaru: Let's go, boys. Strip her down right here.
Punk: What? Are you sure?
Girl: No. Stop. Please. Help me!
Light: Now. What will happen?
Shibuimaru: Hey, wait up!
Punk: Takuo, look out!
Light: That settles it. The Death Note. It's for real.
Punk: Oh man! Takuo!
Driver: Stupid case! He just came out of nowhere!
Ryuk: Now then. I'd better get going

Ryuk: It's been five days. Now then. I'd better get going.
Shinigami A: Huh? You headed somewhere, Ryuk?
Shinigami B: Hate to tell you, but our whole world looks like this. Haha.
Ryuk: That's true but I've dropped my Death Note.
Shinigami A: Haha, you really messed things up, didn't you?
Shinigami B: Hold on a sec, didn't you already trick the old man to get a second book? Don't tell me you dropped both of them.
Shinigami A: You must have some idea where you dropped the thing?
Ryuk: Yeah. The human world.
Shinigami: What?

Mom: What a nice surprise. I wasn't expecting you home so early.
Light: Yeah. Hi, Mom, it's because... Huh? Oh, the results of the nationwide exams.
Mom: I've been waiting all day.
Light: Here.
Mom: Goodness! No.1 again! These are the highest scores you've had.
Light: Yeah, I guess. I'm going to study in my room, so please don't interrupt me, OK?
Mom: As you wish. Oh, Light. Do you want anything at all, dear? You can ask for whatever you like.
Light: No, I'm fine, Mom. Thanks, though.
Light: I've already got what I want.
Light: He..haha..
Ryuk: You've taken quite a liking to it.
Light: Ahhh!
Ryuk: No reason to act surprised. I am the Shinigami Ryuk. That used to be my notebook.
Judging by your laughter, you've already figured out that what you have is no ordinary notebook.
Light: Shinigami. A God of Death, huh?
Well, I'm not surprised. In fact, Ryuk, I've been waiting for you.
Ryuk: Oh?
Light: I've already figured out that this Death Note I found is real. It didn't take me long.
And now that I've witnessed the proof of its power, I only feel more confident what I'm gonna do.
Ryuk: That's interesting. I certainly wasn't expecting this. Several Death Notes have made their way into the human world in the past, but you are the first to have written this many names. Look at how many people you've killed in only five days. Most are reluctant to write this much.
Light: I've already prepared myself, Ryuk. I used the notebook even though I knew it belonged to a Shinigami. And now that Shinigami has come, so what'll happen to me? You're here to take my soul, right?
Ryuk: Hm? What do you mean? Is that some fantasy you humans came up with? I'm not gonna do anything to you.
Light: Huh?
Ryuk: The notebook becomes part of the human realm from the very moment it touches the earth.
In other words, the notebook is now yours.
Light: This is mine?
Ryuk: If you don't want it, just give it to someone else. But if you give it away, I'd have no choice but to erase your memories of the notebook.
Light: So then you are saying I can use the Death note all I want and won't be punished?
Ryuk: Let's just say this: You will feel the fear and pain known only to humans who've used the notebook.
And when it's your time to die, it will fall on me to write your name in my Death Note.
Be warned any human who's used the Death Note can neither go to heaven nor hell for eternity.
That's all. Hahaha...
Now you have something to look forward to after you die.
Mom: Light?
Ryuk: It'll be all right. Answer it.
Light: What is it?
Mom: I thought you'd like some apples. The neighbor's brought them over for us.
Why on earth is it so dark in your room? You'll ruin your eyesight.
Light: What's going on? Mom can't see him?
Ryuk: That notebook you found originally belonged to me. And since you're now using it, you are the only one who's able to see me. And of course my voice can only be heard by you. In other words, the Death Note is the bond between Light the human and Ryuk the Shinigami.
Mmm. Yum!
Light: I just have one more question I wanna ask you. Why was I chosen for this?
Hey, are you even listening?
Ryuk: Apples in the human world are worth the trip. What's the best way to describe these? Juicy?
Light: Just answer my question.
Ryuk: Ha, I didn't choose you. Don't you see this is all just an accident?
You actually thought you were chosen because you're so smart or something? Don't be so vain.
It just happened to fall around here and you just happened to pick it up. And that's all there is to it.
That's why I wrote the instructions in English, the most popular language in the human world.
Light: Then why did you drop it in the first place? You even wrote down specific instructions. So don't try to tell me this was an accident.
Ryuk: You are asking me why? I did it 'cause I was bored.
Light: You were bored?
Ryuk: The truth is, Shinigami haven't got much to do these days. Most of the time we're either taking naps or gambling. If you take the time to write names in your Death Note, the others just laugh at you for working so hard. Even if you wrote the name of another Shinigami, it'd be pointless because they wouldn't die. And since we live in the Shinigami realm, it brings us no amusement to kill those in the human world either. So I figured I'd have more fun if I came down here myself.
Anyway, I'm surprised at how many names you've written. But I wanna know why you only wrote the cause of death for that guy who was hit by the truck.
Light: If you don't write down the cause of death, the victim dies of a heart attack. And that's probably the best thing about the Death Note, Ryuk.
Ryuk: Huh?
Light: You see, I've already exhausted the list of the world's major criminals. And eventually I'm gonna get rid of them all.
Ryuk: What's the point of doing that?
Light: It's only a matter of time before people figure out that these criminals are being eliminated by someone. I want the world to know of my existence; that there's someone out there passing righteous judgement on the wicked.
Ryuk: Why even bother? What are you trying to achieve by passing judgement on them? I mean, why do you care?
Light: Because I've been bored, too.
I wasn't ready to believe it at first. But it's obvious now. There is something about the death note itself that makes humans want to try it out at least once.

Light: I killed them both. I really... I killed two men. Those were human lives. It won't be overlooked. Besides, who am I to pass judgment on others?
No, no, wait, maybe I'm wrong. This is exactly what I've been thinking about lately. This world is rotten. And those who are making it rot deserve to die. Someone has to do it, so why not me? Even if it means sacrificing my own mind and soul, it's worth it. Because the world can't go on like this.
I wonder... what if someone else had picked up this notebook, is there anyone out there other than me who'd be willing to eliminate the vermin from the world? If I don't do it, then who will? That's just it, there's no one. But I can do it. In fact, I'm the only one who can. I'll do it. Using the death note, I'll change the world.

Light: At first I wrote the names of the worst criminals I can think of, like I was cleaning up the world one name at a time, so that eventually no one will ever do anything evil again. And while the truly guilty ones who deserve to be punished for their crimes die of heart attacks, the people who are less guilty but who still make trouble for others will slowly be erased through disease and accidental death. Then, and only then, the world will start moving in the right direction. It'll be a new world free of injustice and populated by people who I've judged to be honest, kind and hardworking.
Ryuk: But if you did that, it would make you the only bad person left.
Light: Huh? I have no idea what you are talking about. I'm a hardworking honor student who's considered to be one of Japan's best and brightest.
And I... I will become the god of this new world.
Ryuk: It's just as I thought. Humans are so interesting.
  