
Mao: Mao Onigawara of the Ground Defense Force.  I'll protect the peace of Japan.

Title

Mao: I myself will protect Japan!

Mao: The day X in the month of X, I Mao Onigawara (parethesis 8 years old close parenthesis) will commence a three-tiered vaulting horse.

Misora: Mao-chan!  Oh are you all right, I say?

Mao: It hurts!

Misora: I know it hurts, but the owie can fly away now.

Mao: Not yet, it still hurts.

Misora: Owie, owie, just fly away, I say.

Mao: But it hurts!

Kagome: Make sure you go to the nurse's office, all right?

Mao: I just couldn't jump over it again.

Misora: Failure is the honorable mother of success.  So don't worry, you'll get more chances.

Mao: Haha, you think so?

Lady: Mao-chan!  I think they're ready for dispatch!

Mao: Mi-kun!

Kagome: Private Onigawara.  Today at 15:23 hours a cute little alien is scheduled to land in Yokohama, Kanigawa Prefecture.  Please rush to the scene right away.

Mao: I copy that, roger ma'am.

Kagome: A special budget has been approved and permission granted by the cabinet.  Please proceed with the installation of Type 2 Ground Gear.

Mao: Yes, understood.  Type 2 Ground Gear downloading!  Riku-bo!

Mao: Private Mao Onigawara of the Ground Defense Force, ready for action.  I pledge to defend Japan with high spirits.

Misora: Bye Mao-chan!  Hope you have a safe mission, I say!

Yuriko: Oh, there she goes again.  Mao-chan.

Chinami: Miss President, your...ears.

Yuriko: Ah, oh no!

Politician (blue outfit): What?!  Did you say we spent more of the budget on that elementry student officer again?

Politician (gray outfit): Complaints by the Federation of Economics are inevitable.

Politician (other): This is a grave enough issue for resignation sir!

Prime Minister: Well, I understand, but, well you see, it's because...

Politician (gray outfit):As prime minister of a sovereign nation, you need to act firmly.

Rikushiro: Quiet!  Strikes by cute little aliens constitute a national crisis.  Dispatching special anti-alien defense forces is a good idea.  That's what the people want to see.  Do you understand?  If you have any objections, the chief of staff of the Ground Defense Force, I Rikushiro Onigawara, will deal with you!

Ladies: We love you, Rikushiro!

Prime Minister: Very good.  It's all right, isn't it?

Rikushiro: Miss Kagome, I have obtained the support of the Cabinet.  I'd also like to know if Mao has been dispatched.

Kagome: Yes, sir!  She's been suited up in her Type 2 Ground Gear, and has already arrived at the landing site where the cute alien is.

Rikushiro: Fantastic!  Well done!  I'm very proud of my little grand-daughter!  Hahahahaha!  Now I'm counting on you to give your full support to Mao, Kagome.

Kagome: Ah, yes sir, Mister Chief of Staff!  Anything for you!

Ground Defense Force Operator: Mishima Field Grade 1st Class, a cute alien has just entered into the atmosphere.

Kagome: How much time do we have before landing?

Ground Defense Force Operator: Less than 140 seconds.

Mao: It's...  It's coming.

Ground Defense Force Operator: Exactly 36 seconds until landing.

Kagome: Okay Mao-chan, now.  Now is the time.

Rikushiro: Now is the time to defend!

Man: A cat...

Man: It's so cute.

Mao: Dear little alien, I'm so sorry.  You're very cute, but you see, I'm a member of the Ground Defense Force team.  Therefore, I myself will protect the peace of Japan.

Mao: Owwie...  Oh no, it's floating away.  The alien cat's floating away.  What do I do, Teacher?

Kagome: Don't call me Teacher, call me Field Grade 1st Class Mishima.

Mao: Yes ma'am, you're right.

Kagome: Unless it's on the ground, we don't have the right to initiate defensive action.

Mao: Oh, but then I won't even be able to protect...  Well, because I myself...must protect everyone.

Misora: Hello there, Mao-chan, I say!

Mao: Misora-chan!

Misora: Hi!  I have received a dispatch order, too, I must say.  Second Lieutenant of Air Defense Force, Misora Tsukishima.  I, Misora Tsukishima, will protect the airspace of Japan.

Mao: Wow Misora-chan, you look awesome.

Misora: Oh, no, you're embarassing me, I say.

Mao: It's true, you look really great!  Super-cool!

Misora: Mao-chan.

Mao: Misora-chan.

Misora: Mao-chan.

Mao: Aye yai yai.

Misora: Oh dear, all gone.

Ground Defense Force Operator: Mishima Field Grade 1st Class...

Kagome: I know, I know.  Don't say a word...

Mao: To defend in the sea...

Misora: That's something we can't do.

Sylvia: I am Private 1st Class of the Sea Defense Force, Sylvia Maruyama.  As an officer, the seas of Japan are my responsibility.

Sylvia: I should be helping them, but it looks like too much trouble.  I'll just leave it up to the others.

Sylvia: It's been a while since I landed on the ground.  So, how's it going, is everything all right here?

Mao: Aye yai yai!

Misora: This isn't good, I say!

Sylvia: I think we're in a pinch.

Mao: Sylvie-chan, where've you been?

Misora: We need your help, I say!

Sylvia: I wish I could, but I the officer specialize in operations at sea.

Mao: It's a cute cat, but I'm still scared.

Misora: I'm scared of it, too, I must say!

Sylvia: I the officer am scared, too.

Mao: It's putting away its parachute and heading for town.

Misora: Oh dear, what should we do, I say.

Sylvia: Well I got one the officer have done my best.  Although I haven't done anything yet.  But, if you really think about it, I the officer am only 8 years old.

Mao: But, but I...  But what I really want to do is protect Japan!  And I will, no matter what!

Misora: I want to protect Japan, too, I say.

Sylvia: Well, I the officer feel the same way.  But I've no weapons.

Mao: Misora-chan, and Sylvia-chan.  We've got to do it.  We have to save Japan!

Misora: Yes, Mao-chan.  I'll defend Japan with you.

Sylvia: But how can we do that?

Mao: I don't know how, but that's what I really want to do!

Misora: Me, too, I want to protect Japan, too.

Sylvia: I absolutely agree with you.

Mao (on TV): I want to protect Japan!

Rikushiro: Look at the determination of these young girls to defend our country!  Now's the time to give them permission to use the Defense Barrier!

Politician (blue outfit): Each Defense Barrier costs three-hundred thous--

Rikushiro: Don't you agree, Prime Minister?

Prime Minister: Oh, yes, of course!

Kagome: Reporting to each member of the situation on site.  Special budget approval has been verified.  The use of Defense Barrier is officially permitted, regardless of the force you belong to.

Girls: Yes!

Girls: Unite!  The Unified Defense Forces.

Sylvia: Defense Barrier...

Mao: ...permission to use...

Misora: ...granted!

Girls: Defense Barrier!  Engage!

Sylvia: Well, then, here we go!

Mao: Yes!  Here we go!

Misora: Here we go, I say!

Misora: Here, here, here we go, I must say!

Sylvia: Good!  Here we are!  Barrier Beam, engage!

Misora: Reflection Barrier, engage, I say.

Sylvia: Mao-chan, it's your turn now!

Misora: Mao-chan!

Mao: All right!

Girls: We're sorry (I say)!

Next Episode Preview

Mao: I, Mao Onigawara (parenthesis 8 years old close parenthesis) am the first elementry student member of the defense forces of Japan.  Please root for me, everyone.  Next epsiode: Mao-chan's First Dispatch!  Yuruyuru next week, too!
  